Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
Source: https://w'ww.baka-tsuki.org/proiect/index.php?title=Mushok:u Tensei:Volume 01 
VV 
. j 
m 
V' "^1 
Prologue 
Prologue 
I'miiia 34 year old homeless and jobless person. 
I'm plump and ugly, a nice guy who regrets how he lived his life. 
I wasn't homeless three hours ago; I was a veteran NEET who hadn't left my room 
for the past year. 
However, my parents had passed away without me noticing. 
As a NEET, I didn't even attend the family meeting, let alone the funeral. 
And in the end, I was chased out of the house. 
I banged loudly on the walls and floor, flailing about as if no one was at home, for 
no one spoke up for me. 
I was masturbating in my room on the funeral day when my siblings suddenly rushed 
in, dressed in mourning clothes, and declared that they were severing all relations 
with me. 
I ignored them, and my younger brother took a wooden bat and destroyed the 
computer I valued more highly than my life. 
Half-crazed, I lunged at them, but my older brother has a dan rank in karate, and I 
was viciously beaten in turn. 
I sobbed and begged for forgiveness in an unsightly manner, but I was chased out 
the door, and didn't even have time to change my clothes. 
I endured the throbbing pain in my chest (most of my ribs were probably broken), 
and walked unsteadily on the streets. 
My siblings' rebukes from when I left the house resounded in my ears. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
6 
Prologue 
They were harsh insults that were diffieult to take in. 
My heart was eompletely broken. 
What did I do wrong? 
All I did was masturbate to a mosaie-less loli video during my parents' funeral. 
What should I do next? 
No, my mind does indeed know. 
Find a job or part time job, then a plaee to live in, and buy some food. 
How should I go about this? 
I don't know what I should do to find a job. 
Hmm, I still know about going to "Hello" pi. 
But though I'm not showing off that I have more than 10 years experienee in staying 
indoors, how the heek should I know where Hello is? Furthermore, even if I go to 
Hello, I'd heard that it only introduees you to a job. 
I'd have to bring a resume, go to the reeommended plaee, and take an interview. I'd 
have to go for an interview in a dirty sweatsuit eovered with sweat and blood. 
Heek, if I ean get employed. Even I wouldn't employ a fellow wearing something 
erazy like this. Maybe I would sympathize with him, but I definitely wouldn't 
employ him. 
Are there any shops that sell resume papers?. 
Stationery stores? Convenienee stores? 
Maybe a eonvenienee store might have them if I do go there, but I don't have any 
money. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
7 
Prologue 
And then, what will I do if I settle all of that? 
Assuming that I do get lueky, manage to borrow money from a finaneial institute, 
get a ehange of elothes, and buy some resume papers and stationery . 
I'd heard that you ean't eomplete the resume if you don't reeord your residenee. 
It's over. Right at this moment, I finally found my life has reaehed its end. 
.Hah. 
It started to rain. 
It was the end of summer, the period where it starts to turn eold. The iey rain piereed 
through the elothes that I'd worn for I don't know how many years, mereilessly 
stealing my body heat away. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
8 
1 r 
1 
Prologue 
.If I could start over from the beginning. 
I couldn't help myself from saying that. 
I wasn't bom such a rotten human. 
I was bom as the third son in a somewhat wealthy family. Two older brothers, one 
older sister, and one younger brother. The fourth in amongst the five siblings. In 
primary school, I was praised as clever despite being young. 
Even though I wasn't considered great at studies, I was good at games, a brat who's 
pretty good at sports. I was once even the center of attention in my class. 
Then in junior high school I entered the computer club, consulted through 
magazines, and saved enough money to assemble a computer. I stood out amongst 
my family, none of whom could write a single line of code. 
The turning point in my life was high school.no, it started in the third year of 
junior high. I was so busy tinkering with the computer that I neglected my studies. 
Thinking back on it now, that was where it all started. 
I thought that learning stuff was useless for the future. I felt it couldn't be used in 
real life. 
In the end, I entered the most idiotic high school, considered the worst in the 
prefecture. 
Even so, I thought it was nothing. 
I felt I would succeed if I got serious, and that I was different from those other idiots. 
That was what I thought. 
I still remember the incident back then. 
While queuing up to buy lunch at the cafeteria, there was a fellow who cut the queue. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
10 
Prologue 
I grumbled a few sentenees as if I was aeting out of righteousness. That was due to 
my strange pride and the ehuunibyoui'^i personality I had. 
Unfortunately, he was my senpai, and one of the two most dangerous people in the 
sehool. 
I ended up being punched in the face until it was swollen, stripped naked, and tied 
in front of the school. 
He took a lot of pictures, and easily distributed them all over the school.. 
I fell to the bottom of the hierarchy in an instant, got laughed at by others, and even 
got the nickname of "Foreskin boy'". 
I didn't go to school for a month, and became a hikikomori. Upon seeing me like 
this, my father and brothers said irresponsible words to me like. Bring out your 
courage, do your best. 
I hadn't been the one at fault. 
Nobody in that sort of situation would continue to attend school. There is no way. 
Thus, no matter what anyone else said, I adamantly continued my shut-in lifestyle. 
I felt that the peers who knew me were all looking at my pictures, mocking me. 
Even if I didn't go out, as long as I had the computer and internet, I could spend my 
time away. Due to the internet's influence, I got interested in many things, and did a 
variety of stuff. Assembling plastic models, painting figurines, creating weblogs. 
My mother was willing to support me and it seemed she would come up with the 
money to help me out for as long as I requested it. 
But I was sick of them all in less than a year. 
I lost my motivation whenever I saw someone being better than me. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
11 
Prologue 
To others, I was merely fooling around. But as I was alone with so much time, hiding 
in my dark shell, I had nothing else to do. 
No, even when I think back on it, that was merely an excuse. 
At the very least, it would have been a better choice to become a mangaka and started 
publishing terrible web comics, or to become a web novelist and started posting 
novels. 
Many people who shared similar circumstances did something like that. 
I made fun of and slighted those people. 
Mocking their creations, thinking myself as a critic, saying things like "It's worse 
than shit", criticizing them. 
Even though I did nothing at all. 
I want to go back. 
If it's possible, I want to go back to primary school, my life's highest point, or back 
to the middle of junior high school. No, even if it's one or two years ago. Even if it's 
a little bit of time, I could still do something with it. Even though I gave up halfway 
through, I could start over no matter what. 
If I put in my utmost effort, even if I didn't become the best, I could at least be a pro. 
Why didn't I do anything up till now? 
I once had a lot of time. Even though I didn't leave my room during that time, I could 
have done a lot of things as long as I sat in front of the computer. Even if I couldn't 
make it the top, I could stay somewhere in the middle and continue to put in effort. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
12 
Prologue 
Manga, novels, games, or even eoding. If I had put in every effort, I should have 
been able to make small aeeomplishments. Even putting aside whether the 
aeeomplishments eould be turned into money. 
Ah, never mind. It's useless. 
I had never worked hard before. Even if I went baek to the past, I would probably 
trip in a similar plaee, and stop at a similar plaee. I ended up like this beeause I eould 
never eross the hurdles a normal human eould. 
"Hm?" 
Somewhere in the heavy rain, I heard people arguing. 
What's that eommotion about? 
It's annoying. I don't want to be involved. Even though I was thinking that, my feet 
wanted to head over to them. 
"— That's why, you—" 
"You're the one-" 
Entering my sight seemed to be three high sehool students having a lovers' spat. 
Two guys and one girl. They were dressed in the now uncommon collared student 
uniforms and a sailor uniform. 
It seemed there was some sort of a harem war going on. The taller boy was quarreling 
with the girl, and the other boy was trying to mediate, but the two quarreling parties 
weren't listening at all. 
(Hmm, I had something like that before) 
I once had a somewhat cute childhood friend in junior high. She might have been 
considered cute, maybe a four or five. She participated in the track and field club 
and had short hair. She had the kind of appearance that would cause two, three out 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
13 
Prologue 
of ten people to turn baek. However, I was very passionate over a partieular anime 
and felt that those in the traek and field elub should have a ponytail, so I thought she 
was an ugly girl. 
However, her home was near mine and we frequently shared the same elass during 
primary sehool, so we went home together more than onee. We had plenty of ehanees 
to talk together, and also biekered at times. It's a pity. In my eurrent state, just 
listening to the words "junior high", "ehildhood friend", and "running elub", is 
enough for me to eum 3 times. 
By the way, I heard that ehildhood friend got married seven years ago. 
I overheard this rumor from the living room, where my siblings were talking. 
Our relationship wasn't bad. We were able to talk without reservations sinee we'd 
known eaeh other from a young age. 
I don't think she liked me, but if I'd studied hard and entered the same high sehool, 
or if I'd joined the traek and field elub and entered the same sehool by 
reeommendation, I might have raised a flagi^i. If I make a serious eonfession, we 
might even be dating eaeh other.. 
I eould have flirted and biekered with her like the trio, and we might even have done 
perverted things in an empty elassroom after sehool. 
Hah, what eroge is this? 
(Come to think of it, these people are really damned riajuus. Just explode already.... 
Hm?) 
Suddenly, in that instant, I realized. 
A truek was eharging towards the trio at a tremendous speed. 
Also, the driver of the truck was lying prone on the wheel. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
14 
Prologue 
He was driving in a sleep-deprived state. 
And the three still hadn't notieed. 
"D-d-d-Danger!!" 
I tried to warn them by yelling, but I haven't used my voeal eords fully for over ten 
years, and the eold rain and the pain in my ribs eaused them to shrink further; The 
teeny-weeny, trembling voiee I eked out vanished in the rain. 
I must save them, I have to. At the same time, I thought, why do I have to save them? 
I had a gut feeling that if I didn't save them, I would regret it five seeonds later. I 
would absolutely regret it if I saw those three people getting smashed into a bloody 
pulp by a truek. 
Regret not saving them. 
Therefore, I had to save them. 
In any ease, I thought I would probably starve to death by the roadside soon after. 
For that moment at least, I hoped to have some satisfaetion. 
I didn't want to be left regretting at the very end. 
—I ran and hobbled along towards them. 
My legs were not moving as I wanted them to, as I had not moved them mueh for 
the past ten years. It was the first time in my life that I wish I had exereised more. 
The broken ribs were pulsing with exerueiating pain, hindering my every step. It was 
the first time in my life that I wished I had taken more ealeium. 
It hurt. It hurt so mueh that I eouldn't run. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
15 
Prologue 
But I still ran. Ran. 
I was running. 
The arguing boy hugged the girl when he notieed the tmek approaehing in front of 
his eyes. The other boy had his baek faeing the truek and had not notieed, was merely 
surprised by his eompanion's sudden aetion. I grabbed his eollar without any 
hesitation and used all my strength to pull him baek. The boy was pulled away and 
fell to the roadside, out of the truek's path. 
Good. Two more to go. 
Just when I had this thought, the truek was already in front of me. I had just planned 
to pull them from a safe distanee, but as I pulled them baek, the reeoil eaused me to 
move forward. 
It was to be expeeted, and it wouldn't even have mattered if I weighed over 100kg. 
As a result of sprinting with my trembling legs, I got dragged forward by the 
momentum. 
I felt a light behind me the moment I got hit by the truek. 
Was that the rumored light of the flashbaek before death? I eouldn't see anything 
during that short instanee. It was just too fast. 
Did it mean that I did so little in my life? 
I was sent flying onto a eonerete wall by a truek 50 times heavier than I was. 
"Puhh.!" 
The air in my lungs was pushed out. My lungs spasmed, demanding air after the hard 
running. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
16 
Prologue 
I couldn't utter a sound. But I wasn't dead yet. The accumulated fat was probably 
what saved me. 
But once I thought of that, the truck appeared in front of my eyes again. 
I was flattened like a tomato between the concrete ground and truck. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
17 
Chapter 1 - Could This Be Another World? 
Chapter 1 - Could This Be Another World? 
Part 1 
When I woke up, the first thing I felt was my eyes being dazzled. 
Light filled my vision, and I narrowed my eyes in discomfort. 
Once my eyes adjusted to the brightness, I found a young blonde woman gazing at 
me. 
A beautiful girl.No, a beautiful woman would be more appropriate. 
(Who is it?) 
Beside her was a man with brown hair of a similar young age, giving me a stiff smile. 
A strong and arrogant looking man. His muscles were amazing. 
Brown hair, arrogant type. Looking at his DQNi^i appearance, I should have been 
repulsed. Strangely enough though, I did not feel he was unpleasant. 
His hair was a pretty brown color, probably because it wasn't dyed, I guess. 
" - -XX-—XXXX" 
The woman cracked a smile as she watched me and said something. 
What is she saying? Feeling fuzzy, I could not hear clearly, and I didn't understand 
it at all. 
Could it be that it's not Japanese? 
"-XXXXX—XXX," the man replied with a gentle expression. Really, what did 
he just say? I couldn't understand it at all. 
"-XX—-XXX" 
A third person's voice came from somewhere. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
18 
Chapter 1 - Could This Be Another World? 
I eouldn't see them. 
I tried to sit up and ask them, "Where is this place, and who are you guys?" 
Even if I was a hikikomori, I still wasn't a complete failure at communication. 
I could still do something like this. 
"Ah, Ah-" 
But I couldn't tell if what came from my lips was a groan or just heavy breathing. 
My body couldn't move. 
I felt sensations in my fingers and wrists, but I couldn't move my upper body. 
"XXX-XXXXX" 
In the end, the man carried me up. 
This is a joke, right? My body weighs over 100 kilograms, and he lifts it up so eas.... 
No, maybe I had been in a coma for dozens of days and it had caused my body 
weight to go down. 
It had been such a huge incident. There was large possibility I had lost an arm or a 
leg. 
(A fate worse than death, hah.) 
On that day. 
Those were my thoughts. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
19 
Chapter 1 - Could This Be Another World? 
Part 2 
A month passed by. 
It looked like I was reincarnated. I finally realized that fact. 
I had become a baby. 
I confirmed it when I was carried up with my head supported and my own body 
appeared in my sights. 
I didn't know why I still had my past memories, but there was nothing bad about 
retaining them. 
Retaining memories upon reincarnation-anyone will have entertained such 
delusions at least once. 
But I didn't think that such a delusion would become reality. 
The first couple I had seen when I opened my eyes seemed to be my parents. 
They probably were in the earlier half of their 20s. 
Clearly, they were younger than my past life. 
From the perspective of a 34-year-old, it was alright to call them young. 
It really made me envious that they had children at that age. 
I already noticed it from the first, but I didn't seem to be in Japan. 
The language was different, my parents' faces didn't appear to be Japanese, and their 
clothes even seemed to be that of a native village. 
I couldn't see anything resembling an electronic device (the person who wore a 
maid's apron was cleaning with a cloth), and the utensils, bowls, and furniture were 
coarsely made from wood. It was probably not an advanced, developed country. 
The light was not provided by light bulbs, but with candles and lamps. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
20 
Chapter 1 - Could This Be Another World? 
Of eourse, there was the possibility of them being very poor and unable to afford the 
eleetrieity bills. 
.Maybe that possibility was very high? 
I thought they surely had some money, as there was someone dressed like a maid. 
But it wouldn't be strange if it was a sister of one of my parents. It would be a normal 
thing for her to be eleaning. 
I eertainly wanted to start afresh, but living in a family that eould not even afford the 
bills made me very restless. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
21 
Chapter 1 - Could This Be Another World? 
Part 3 
Half a year passed by. 
Listening to my parents' conversations during this last half-year, I had started to 
understand things bit by bit. 
My English grades couldn't have been considered good, but it seems true that 
learning it can be quite a slow thing when heavily influenced by a native language. 
Or could it be that this body's mind was pretty good? Maybe it was because of my 
young age, but I could quickly remember things. 
By this time, I was able to crawl. 
Being able to move is a wonderful thing. 
I had never felt such gratefulness for being able to move. 
"He'll mn somewhere else when I move my eyes away from him." 
"Isn't it good he's active? I was so worried when he didn't cry at all when he was 
bom." 
"Even now, he doesn't cry." 
My parents had this discussion when they saw me crawling everywhere. 
I was not at an age when I'd cry loudly when hungry, after all. 
But even if I tried to hold it in, the stuff that comes from below would still leak out, 
so I just left things alone as they were. 
Even though I could only crawl, once I did so, I understood a lot of things. 
Eirst of all, this family was relatively well off. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
22 
Chapter 1 - Could This Be Another World? 
The building was a two-story wooden house, and there were over five rooms. They 
had one hired maid. 
At first I thought the maid was my aunt or something, but her respeetful attitude 
towards my parents made it seem she wasn't family. 
The plaee was a village. 
From the seenery I eould see from the windows, it was in a tranquil landseape of 
farming plots. 
The other houses were seattered around, and on one side of the wheat fields I eould 
see two, three families. 
It was quite a rural plaee. I eould not see any eleetrie wires, lamps, or anything 
similar. Perhaps there wasn't a generator nearby. 
I had heard that foreign eountries plaee their wires underground, but if that was the 
ease, it was strange that this house did not have eleetrieity. 
It was too rural. It was painful for me who had been jostled by the wave of 
eivilization. 
Even if it was reineamation, I still wanted to have a personal eomputer. 
That way of thinking ended on a eertain afternoon. 
With nothing to do, I elimbed up onto the ehair as usual, intending to admire the 
field's seenery. When I looked out the window, I was shoeked. 
Father was waving around a sword in the eourtyard. 
(Wha, huh? What is he doing?) 
My dad is still waving that thing at his age? Chuunibyou? 
(Ah, erap....) 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
23 
Chapter 1 - Could This Be Another World? 
Due to the shoek, I fell down from the ehair. 
My undeveloped hands grabbed the ehair, but they were unable to support my body 
and the heavier baek of my head hit the ground first. 
"Kyaa!" 
I heard a seream just as I hit the floor. 
My mother spotted me and dropped the washed laundry, her hands over her mouth, 
looking over me with a deathly pale faee. 
"Rudi! Are you okay!?" 
My mother rushed over to me in a panie and earried me up. 
She looked me in the eyes and plaeed her hand on her ehest, looking relieved 
".Phew, you seem fine." 
(Madam, it's better not to move someone after their head has reeeived a blow,) I 
reminded her in my heart. 
From her anxious attitude, it seemed I had fallen in quite the dangerous manner. 
It seemed possible that I might beeome an idiot due to the knoek on my head. Not 
that that would be any different. 
There was a throbbing pain on the baek of my head. At least grabbing the ehair with 
my hands had lowered my veloeity. 
As my mother's reaetion didn't seem panieky I assumed there wasn't any blood. It 
was probably just a swelling. 
Mother took a eareful look at my head. 
Her expression seemed to say, if there's an injury it'll be serious. 
Finally, she plaeed her hand on my head. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
24 
Chapter 1 - Could This Be Another World? 
"To be safe. Let the power of God be eon verted into a bountiful erop, and 
bestowed unto those who have lost the strength to stand onee more, [THEALINGJ] 
I nearly burst out, "Hey, hey, is this this eountry's [Pain, pain, go away quiek]?" 
Or was it that, along with my sword-wielding father, my mother was also a 
ehuunibyou? 
A warrior and elerie's wedding? 
Just when I was thinking of that. 
My mother's hand emitted a dim light, and, in an instant, my pain disappeared. 
(.Eh?) 
"See, it's okay now. After all, your mum was a renowned adventurer, " my mother 
said in a boastful manner. 
I was instantly plunged into eonfusion. 
Sword, warrior, adventurer, healing, ehanting, elerie. All these terms eehoed in my 
head. 
What was that just now? What did she just do? 
"What's wrong?" 
My father looked in the window from outside when he heard my mother's seream. 
His whole body was sweaty as he had just been swinging his sword. 
"Listen to me, dear. Rudi aetually elimbed on top of a ehair.and nearly got gravely 
injured." 
"Well well, it's not good if a boy isn't aetive." 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
25 
Chapter 1 - Could This Be Another World? 
A slightly worried mother, and a father who didn't treat like a big deal and plaeated 
her. 
This is a eommonly seen event. 
But, my mother didn't baek off, perhaps beeause of the baek of my head hitting the 
ground first. 
"Just a moment, dear. This ehild isn't even a year old. Would you worry a little 
more!" 
"Despite that, a ehild is meant to grow up falling down to beeome sturdy. This way 
he will beeome healthy. Besides, even if he's injured, ean't you just treat him?" 
"But I'm really worried, I keep thinking of him getting heavily injured and me being 
unable to treat him." 
"He'll be fine." 
My dad said that and embraeed her tightly. 
My mum's faee turned red. 
"I was worried when he didn't ery at all in the beginning, but if he's so naughty, he 
will surely be fine." 
My dad kissed my mum. 
Hey, hey, you're showing this to me on purpose right? Both of you! 
Later on the two of them put me in the next room to sleep, moved on to the seeond 
floor, and started in on the task of making me siblings. 
Even if the two of you go to the second floor, I can still hear the nyan nyan noises, 
damn successful offline people... 
(But, magie huh.) 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
26 
Chapter 1 - Could This Be Another World? 
Part 4 
Later on, I started paying attention to the eonversations between my parents and the 
maid. 
And then I heard a lot of terms not in my voeabulary. 
Espeeially the eountry names, distriet names, and various loeation names. 
Some proper nouns I had never heard before. 
Maybe this plaee is. 
No, I was eertain of it. 
This wasn't Earth, but some other world. 
A different world that has swords and magie in it. 
At this moment, I had a flash of inspiration. 
.If it's this world, perhaps even I ean aehieve it. 
If it's a world of swords and magie, a world deviated from my previous life and what 
I know as eommon sense, perhaps I ean do it. 
To live like a normal person, to work hard like a normal person, to be able to elimb 
baek up if I fell down, to live my life fully. 
I had been full of regret when I died in my previous life. 
Dying full of burning restlessness over my impotenee and the faet that I had 
aeeomplished nothing. 
But the me who experieneed all that. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
27 
Chapter 1 - Could This Be Another World? 
Having retained the knowledge and experienees of my previous life, perhaps I eould 
really do it. 
—To live on seriously. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
28 
Chapter 2 - Expressionless Maid 
Chapter 2 - Expressionless Maid 
Part 1 
Lilia was once a guards-maid for Asura's concubines. 
A guards-maid is a maid who is also a guard. 
Guards-maids will usually do a maid's job, but if anything happens, they will take 
up a sword to protect their master. 
Lilia faithfully accomplished her duty. As far as her work as a maid is concerned, 
there were no complaints. 
But as a sword fighter, her ability is average, a dime a dozen. 
And thus, she got careless in a battle against an assassin who targeted a newly-born 
princess, and she got injured in the leg by the enemy's dagger. 
The dagger was coated with poison that was specifically meant to kill royalty. 
There was no antidote or healing magic that was capable of treating such a 
calamitous poison. 
The wound was immediately treated, and she survived thanks to her doctors trying 
a variety of methods to cure her, but there were side effects that lingered. 
There was no problem caused to her everyday life, but she could never run or stomp 
again. 
The kingdom then sacked her without hesitation. 
It wasn't an uncommon occurrence, and Lilia accepted this fate herself. 
Having lost her abilities, it was a given that she'd lose her position. 
Even though she wasn't given compensation money, she considered it fortunate that 
she wasn't secretly silenced because she served in the inner palace. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
29 
Chapter 2 - Expressionless Maid 
Lilia then left the eapital. 
The mastermind behind the assassination attempt wasn't found. 
Having understood the rules of the eoneubines' staff, she knew there was a 
possibility she might beeome the next target. 
Perhaps the palaee let Lilia wander to leave to lure out the mastermind. 
She always wondered why she, who had no signifieant baekground, had been 
aeeepted in the inner palaee. It was now that she finally understood; they simply 
wanted to hire maids who eould be used and disearded. 
No matter the reason however, she had to leave the eapital as quiekly as possible, 
for her own safety. 
Even though the kingdom treated her as bait, she had no obligation to stay as she 
was not ordered to in any way. 
And she had no sense of duty to fulfill. 
Lilia disereetly switehed stageeoaehes while traveling, and arrived at the Eedoa 
region, whieh had extensive agrieultural lands and was loeated at the border. 
It was a relaxing place of vast wheat fields, with the exception of the fortress city 
Roa, where the ruler lived. 
Lilia intended to find work there. 
But, as her leg was injured, she was unable to find a job that required physical 
strength. 
She could resort to teaching swordsmanship, but it was best for her to be hired as a 
maid, because the salary was higher. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
30 
Chapter 2 - Expressionless Maid 
At this border, there were many who eould wield a sword, and many who eould 
teaeh swordsmanship, but a maid thoroughly versed in domestie affairs was 
relatively rare. 
Since the supply was so little, the salary would be bigger. 
However, it would be dangerous for her to be hired by the ruler of Fedoa, or any 
high class noblity of similar status... 
Such people would surely have relations with the king. 
If they knew she was a maid who once worked for the concubines palace, there was 
the possibility that she would be treated as a political tool. 
And for that reason, Lilia stayed far away. 
She didn't want to experience a near-death situation again. 
Even though it was a little unfair to the princess, Lilia hoped to stay far away from 
the royals' contention for power. 
But, if her salary was too low then there wouldn't be enough money to send to her 
family. 
Trying to find a safe job and a guaranteed salary sure wasn't easy. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
31 
Chapter 2 - Expressionless Maid 
Part 2 
After running around everywhere for nearly a month, Lilia came across a recruitment 
note. 
A lower class knight from Buina village, located in the Fedoa region, was looking 
to hire a maid. 
On the top of that, the note said he would give special priority to someone with 
experience in taking care of children or who had knowledge of midwifery. 
Buina was a tiny village on the edge of Fedoa. 
A village among villages. An extremely rural village. 
It was very inconvenient, but this was the place that she sought. 
The employer being a lower class knight was also an unexpectedly fine find. 
And most importantly, she recognized the prospective employer's name. 
Paul Greyrat. 
He was Lilia's protege. 
A noble's profligate son, who on one day, suddenly barged into the dojo where Lilia 
was learning swordsmanship. 
According to him, he had left home after a quarrel with his father, and had come to 
the dojo to learn swordsmanship. 
Albeit a different style, he too did study swordsmanship at home, and soon after, 
surpassed Lilia. 
Lilia was not amused by this fact, but she had since understood that she had no talent, 
and gave up. 
Paul, who was utterly brimming with talent, was later banished from the dojo after 
making a mistake. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
32 
Chapter 2 - Expressionless Maid 
He only left Lilia a single sentenee, "I'm beeoming an adventurer." 
A man like a tempest. 
It was 7 years sinee they went their separate ways. 
At that time, he had aetually beeome a knight and gotten married... 
Though she didn't know what sort of hurdles he had experieneed in his life, Paul 
wasn't a bad guy as far as Lilia eould remember. 
If she told him about her problems, she was sure that he would help her. 
If that didn't work out, then she would just mention some past events. 
There were a few things she eould use to negotiate. 
Having eontemplated all these faetors, she headed to Buina. 
Paul employed Lilia without any fuss. 
It seemed he was really anxious as his wife Zenith was about to give birth. 
Lilia had been taught extensively in midwifery for the prineess's birth. Moreover, 
she was someone that Paul was aequainted with and he knew her baekground. 
Lilia was reeeived with a warm weleome. 
Her salary was also more than what she had expeeted, so her wish was aehieved. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
33 
Chapter 2 - Expressionless Maid 
Part 3 
The child was bom. 
There weren't any labor issues or anything. It went just as she was trained for in the 
inner palace. 
There were no problems at all. It was very successful. 
However, the child didn't cry when he was bom. 
Lilia broke into a cold sweat. 
The baby drew out amniotic fluids immediately after he was born, but he merely 
lifted his head up without any emotion, and made no sound. 
The expressionless face was reminiscent of a stillborn child. 
Lilia touched the baby, and he had a heartbeat. He was breathing too. 
But he just wasn't crying. 
Lilia remembered the words of a senior guards-maid. 
That babies who don't cry at birth usually have complications. 
The instant when she thought of this. 
"Ah, ah." The baby looked over to her, and mumbled something in his grogginess. 
Lilia relaxed after hearing that. 
Even though there was no evidence for it, she felt that there would be no problems. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
34 
Chapter 2 - Expressionless Maid 
Part 4 
The child's name was to be Rudeus. 
He was an uneanny ehild, never crying or fussing. At first, she assumed his body 
was slightly weaker, and that taking care of him wouldn't require much effort. 
But, such a notion only occurred at the beginning. 
After Rudeus learned how to crawl, he started to move everywhere in the house. 
Everywhere in the house. Kitchen, back door, storage, cleaning equipment place, 
fireplace.etc. 
He even climbed onto the second storey, though one couldn't imagine how he did 
so. 
Either way, he would disappear whenever nobody kept an eye on him. 
But, he would always be found somewhere in the house. 
Rudeus never left the house. 
He would occasionally look outside the windows, but it seemed that he was still 
scared to go outdoors. 
Lilia was instinctively afraid of this baby, and one had to wonder when it began. 
It was probably the moments when she found him after his disappearances. 
Most of the time, Rudeus would be smiling. 
Sometimes he'd be looking at the vegetables, staring at the flickering candle flames, 
or just looking at panties that were yet to be washed. 
Rudeus mumbled sounds and showed a smile that made people feel simply 
disgusted. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
35 
Chapter 2 - Expressionless Maid 
It was a smile that naturally disgusted people. 
When Lilia was working in the inner palaee, she'd had to go to the main palaee for 
her missions, and the higher ranked offieials nobles that she met there had similar 
smiles. 
They were bald, had pudgy bellies, and were leering at her when they stared at her 
breasts. Very similar to a baby that was bom not long ago. 
It was exeeptionally seary when she had to earry Rudeus. 
His nostrils would flare, the eomers of his mouth would rise, and his breathing 
hastens as he buried his faee into her ehest. 
And then he would make strange noises, "Huuu" and "Orhhh", seemingly laughing 
as he made these sounds. 
At that instant, Lilia's whole body was dominated by a terrible shivering eold. 
And she has the urge to throw the baby and smash him into the ground. 
This baby was not eute in any way. That smile eaused fear in others. 
It was the same smile the high ranking offieials had when they bought many young 
female slaves. 
He was supposed to be a baby who was just been bom. 
Lilia felt unbearable diseomfort, and even experieneed feelings of peril when she 
thought things over. 
This baby was very strange. Could there be that there was something bad possessing 
it? Or perhaps it was something similar, like a eurse. 
Having thought this through, she started to feel extremely anxious. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
36 
Chapter 2 - Expressionless Maid 
She went to the item shop, and spent the pitiful amount of money that she had to buy 
some neeessary things. 
When the Greyrats went to sleep, she did her home's ritual to ehase evil away. 
Of eourse, this was kept from Paul and his family. 
The seeond day, after earrying Rudeus again, Lilia understood. 
It was useless. 
And he was still as disgusting as usual. It was eerie that a baby would show sueh an 
expression. 
Zenith said, "When feeding this baby milk, he will liek..." 
This had beeome just outrageous. 
Paul had no restraint when it eame to women, but never did he beeome disgusting 
to this extent. 
This was too strange to be dismissed as hereditary. 
Lilia remembered again. 
She had heard of a story in the palaee. 
In the past, an Asuran prinee was possessed by a demon. To revive that demon, he 
would erawl around on his limbs every night. 
And when an unsuspeeting maid hugged him, the prince stabbed her with a knife 
hidden behind him, killing her. 
It was too scary. 
Is Rudeus something like that? 
There was no doubt. He was that kind of devil. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
37 
Chapter 2 - Expressionless Maid 
He's still obedient for now, but one day he'll awaken, and when everyone is asleep, 
one by one he'll . 
Ahh.It's too early, too early to deeide this. I shouldn't have taken this job. 
"I'll get attaeked sooner or later. 
.Lilia was a person who seriously believed in sueh superstition. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
38 
Chapter 2 - Expressionless Maid 
Part 5 
During the first year of her work, she was still afraid of him. 
But she didn't notice when Rudeus' unpredictable movements started to change. 
He didn't disappear as and when he wanted, and usually stayed in Paul's study on the 
second floor. 
Speaking of the study, it was just a room with a few books. 
Rudeus stayed there without leaving. Lilia secretly observed him, and found him 
mumbling to himself while reading a book. 
It was a meaningless mumble. 
Or was supposed to be, at least, for it wasn't a commonly used language in the 
Central continents. 
It was still too early for him to be learning how to talk. Of course, he had yet to be 
taught alphabets. 
He was just an infant looking at a book and making random sounds. 
Or else it would be just too strange. 
Lilia always had the feeling that those sounds carried meaning and structure. 
Rudeus seemed to understand the contents of the book. 
It was too frightening.Lilia always thought that, when she observed Rudeus from 
the gap in the doorjamb. 
However, she never felt disgusted with him for some inexplicable reason. 
Come to think of it, that unknown source of discomfort gradually disappeared from 
the moment he confined himself to that room. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
39 
Chapter 2 - Expressionless Maid 
Though he oceasionally showed his disgusting smile while she earried him, it didn't 
feel unpleasant. 
He wouldn't bury his faee into her ehest, and he wouldn't suddenly pant. 
Why had she always found him seary? 
Recently, she began to feel that he was sincere and hardworking, and didn't want to 
disrupt him. 
Zenith seemed to share her sentiments. 
After that, Lilia felt that not to care for him was better. 
It was an idea that went against common sense. 
In fact, it was abnormal for human beings not to care for a child that was bom not 
long ago. 
But recently there were signs of knowledge in Rudeus' eyes. 
He showed only "chikan"[^i eyes a few months back, but at this point, there was a 
strong will and dazzling knowledge in them. 
What should she do? Even though she had knowledge of taking care of children, the 
inexperienced Lilia found it hard to discern. 
She couldn't remember whether it was her guards-maid senpai or her mother back in 
her hometown who said this, that there was no one correct way to bring up a child. 
At the very least, she no longer felt disgusted, uncomfortable, or frightened. 
So she decided it was best not to disturb him, and let him revert back to how he was 
originally. 
—Let's just leave him as he is. 
Lilia finally concluded. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
40 
Chapter 3 - Magic Textbook 
Chapter 3 - Magic Textbook 
Part 1 
About 2 years has passed since I was reincarnated. 
My legs and waist were starting to become strong enough for me to walk on my feet. 
And I was beginning to learn this world's language. 
Part 2 
Having decided to live on seriously, I started to consider what I could do. 
What did I need in my life? 
Studying, sports, and skill sets. 
As a baby, there was little I could do. The most I could do was to bury my face into 
someone's chest. 
And when I did that to the maid, she made an unhappy expression. 
That maid definitely hated kids. 
Realizing that I can do sports a little later in life, I started searching for books in the 
house to learn words 
It's important to be literate. 
There's a near 100% literacy rate amongst Japanese, but many had poor English 
skills, so they balked at the idea of going overseas, and even treated foreign 
languages as a mere skill set. Therefore, learning this world's words was my first 
assignment. 
There were five books in this house. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
41 
Chapter 3 - Magic Textbook 
Could it be that books in this world are expensive, or that Paul and Zenith don't read 
books? 
It was probably both these reasons. It was unbelievable to me, who owned thousands 
of books. 
Though they're all light novels. 
There were only five books, but they were sufficient for me to learn to recognize 
words. 
This world's language was similar to Japanese, so it was easy for me to pick up. 
Even though the letters were completely different, learning how to speak went very 
smoothly. 
I'll be fine as long as I memorize enough vocabulary. It's beneficial to first 
understand how to speak. 
Father read me the contents of the books many times , so learning the vocabulary 
went smoothly. 
Perhaps it had something to do with this body's ability to memorize well. 
After being able to read the language, I found this book's content very interesting. 
In my past life, I never thought of learning as interesting. Thinking back about it, it 
was exactly the same as memorizing information from the internet. How can it not 
be interesting? 
Nevertheless, did my father really think an infant would be able to understand the 
contents of that book? 
It was fine for me, but any normal one-year-old kid would have frowned and started 
bawling. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
42 
Chapter 3 - Magic Textbook 
These were the five books at home: 
. «Traveling Around the World» 
This is a guidebook that contains the name and unique characteristics of various countries 
in this world. 
«Fedoa's Monsters, Ecology and Weaknesses» 
A book that described the monsters that appeared in the Fedoa region, and ways to handle 
them. 
«Guide to Magic» 
A guidebook that explained how to use magic attacks, from the elementary rank to the 
advanced rank. 
«Perugius' Legend» 
A fairy tale about a summoner named Perugius, who traveled along with his companions, 
battling the demon gods, saving the world, punishing evil, and rewarding the good. 
«Three Swordsmen and the Labyrinth» 
It's the adventure of three talented swordsmen of different sword styles who encountered 
each other, and entered the labyrinth. 
Leaving aside the two battle novels, the other three let me learn a lot. 
Especially the guidebook about magic. 
To me, who came from a world without magic, the things recorded here got me really 
interested, 
Reading through it, I understood a few basics. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
43 
Chapter 3 - Magic Textbook 
1. First of all, magic can be broadly classified into three categories. 
[[Attack Magic]] — Attacks a target [[Healing Magic]] — Heals a target 
[[Summoning Magic]] — Calls out something 
Three types. Easy to understand. 
There are various functions, but according to the guidebook, magic was originally 
developed for war. It still isn't really used much besides battle and hunting. 
2. To use magic, you must have mana. 
Conversely, as long as you have mana, you could use magic. 
There are two ways of using mana. 
• [[Use the mana within your body]] 
• [[Draw out mana from something that contains mana]] 
It must be one of these two. 
I can't think of a good example. It's probably something like a home generator for 
the former, and a battery for the latter. 
A long time ago, people used only their mana to use magic; as generations passed, 
magic was researched into, the difficulty spiked, and the mana required increased 
exponentially as a result. 
This was fine for the people who had a lot of mana, but those with lesser mana 
couldn't use that sort of magic. 
Thus, the magicians of the past thought of ways to draw out mana from elsewhere 
to fulfill the magic's requirements. 
3. There are two ways to activate magic. 
• [[Incantation]] 
• [[Magic Array]] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
44 
Chapter 3 - Magic Textbook 
There's really no need to explain here, right? To activate a spell, either to utter a 
chant through the mouth, or draw a magic array. 
Magic arrays were the norm a very long time ago, but at incantation is currently the 
mainstream. 
In the distant past, the simplest incantation required about one, two minutes. 
It wasn't very long, but this method was very difficult to use in battle. 
In contrast, once a magic array was drawn, it could be used repeatedly. 
There was a certain magician who successfully reduced the incantation time. Thus, 
incantation became the norm. 
The simplest incantations took about five seconds, so basic magic attacks could be 
used with incantation. 
But unless the situation was urgent, complicated magic spells are still cast with 
magic arrays. 
4. A person's mana is set when they are bom. 
A normal RPG increased your MP as you level up. 
But this doesn't look the case in this world. 
Basically, everyone's a Warrior by profession. Just saying that term makes me feel 
like there was something of a change. 
What about me ? Hmm. 
Apparently, the amount of mana one possessed was hereditary. 
The fact that my mother was capable of magic meant I could probably hope for 
certain amount of innate mana. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
45 
Chapter 3 - Magic Textbook 
It's a little worrying. Even if my parents are talented, I don't think my genetic makeup 
is capable of that. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
46 
Chapter 3 - Magic Textbook 
Part 3 
In any case, I began try out the simplest magic. 
The guidebook contained methods for both incantation and magic formation, but 
since incantation's the norm, and there's no place for me to draw magic arrays, I 
started with incantation. 
It seems that the more complicated a spell was, the longer the incantation time would 
be. In fact, extremely complicated spells had to be chanted in conjunction with magic 
arrays; that's not a problem in the beginning , however.. 
It seems a skilled magician can use magic without incantation. 
Voiceless incantation, or reducing the chants; Something like that. 
But why was it that a skilled person doesn't didn't need incantation? 
The amount of mana required to cast the technique doesn't change, and even if you 
level up, your MP won't increase either. 
Or was it the more skilled you are, the less mana you'd use? 
No, even if that does decrease one's mana usage, there's no reason to skip steps. 
'.Whatever, I'll just try it out first. 
I hold the guidebook in my left hand, stretched out my right, and read out the words. 
“Bestow the protection of water on the place thee demandest, let thine crystal clear 
flow here, WATER BALL” 
I felt the sensation of blood gathering in my right hand. 
My blood feels as if it's being squeezed out, and a water bullet the size of a fist 
appeared in front of my right hand. 
“Whoa!!” 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
47 
Chapter 3 - Magic Textbook 
The moment I showed amazement, the water bullet fell onto the floor, dampening it. 
The book said the water bullet should be shot out, but it had fallen instead. 
Perhaps my concentration had been broken, causing the spell to fail. 
Concentrate, concentrate . 
The sensation of blood gathering in my right hand. This, this, this feeling 
. Mmmm. 
I once again raise my right hand, recall that feeling from before, and imagine it in 
my mind. 
I don't know how much mana I have, but it's best not to think that I can do this many 
times. 
Concentrate, and let every attempt be successful. 
First, I had to imagine it, then repeat it over and over in my mind, then cast it in 
reality. 
If it ended in failure. I'll imagine it again in my mind. Until I can do it perfectly in 
my head. 
This was how I practiced every move in fighting games in the past. 
Because of that, I didn't really fail when I tried to execute a combo. 
I should have no problems if I practice using this method.I hope. 
“Brea.... the ” 
A deep breath. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
48 
Chapter 3 - Magic Textbook 
I send the blood flowing from my toes and top of my head into my right hand, using 
that feeling to gather power. 
And then, have the feeling of firing it out from my palm... 
Carefully, carefully. With every heartbeat, gathering it bit by bit. 
Water, Water, Water, Water Bullet, Water's Ball, Water Ball, Water Ball Panties. 
Evil thoughts were mixed in to it. One more time. 
Concentrate, squeezing out waterrrrrrr. 
“HAH!” 
I unconsciously shouted like a monk, and the water bullet came out. 
“Eh, huh.?” 
Plop. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
49 
Chapter 3 - Magic Textbook 
The moment I showed surprise, the water bullet fell way too quickly. 
“.Ah.” 
Huh...I didn't chant just now, right? 
Why did.? 
What I did was to recall the feeling of using that spell and imitating it in my mind. 
But can it be that just redoing the flow of the magic made incantation unnecessary? 
Was voiceless incantation that simple? 
Wasn't it supposed to be an upper class technique? 
“If it's that easy to succeed, what's the use of incantation?” 
Even a novice like me can cast magic using voiceless incantation. 
Concentrating the mana in my fingertips, and determining the shape in my mind. 
That was bascially it. 
In that case, incantation was completely unnecessary. Everyone can just do this 
instead. 
(.Hm.) 
Can it be that incantation's the activation of magic? 
There's no need to replicate the feeling of gathering blood; I can just complete it if I 
let out my voice. 
It might be something like that. 
It's just like an automatic car. One can actually change it to manual and it'll still 
work. 
“Incantation will automatically cast magic.” 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
51 
Chapter 3 - Magic Textbook 
There'll be several advantages to using incantations. 
Firstly, it's easy. 
Instead of explaining it as gathering the blood from the blood vessels in my body, 
everyone can simply recite it and succeed instead? Both teacher and student will 
have an easier time. 
And after teaching this over and over again, it'll become [[incantation is something 
quintessential]]. 
Secondly, It's convenient to use. 
Needless to say, attack magic's meant to be used in combat. 
Instead of closing your eyes and going "mmmmmmm" while concentrating, it's 
faster to recite it quickly. 
It's a question of which is easier, to run with all of one's strength while drawing a 
clear picture, or to run with all of one's strength while chanting. 
“It must be different for various people. Maybe there are those who would find it 
easier with the former.” 
I quickly flipped through the magic textbook, but I found nothing on voiceless 
incantations. 
That's weird. Based on my experience, it wasn't that hard. 
Maybe it's a special talent I have, but others can't use it at all. 
Maybe I can think of it this way. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
52 
Chapter 3 - Magic Textbook 
A magician typically starts out as a beginner and ends up as a veteran, and everyone 
uses the incantation method to cast. 
After thousands of times, their bodies would be used to incantation. 
And when it came to voiceless incantations, they didn't know what to do. 
Therefore, as it's not disseminated, it's not recorded in the guidebook. 
“Whoaa, that explains it!” 
Then that means I'm not an ordinary person. 
That's amazing, right? 
It's like I'm using a tip sheet. 
“They used a Crime Catalyst without singing an Oratorio!?” 
“But all I did was use this catalyst like normal and open the gate.”[®i 
That kind of feeling? 
Woohoo, I'm getting excited! 
Ah, no no. Calm down, cool down. 
The past me was deceived by this feeling. 
Because I'm better at using the computer than the average person and got that feeling 
that I was some kind of chosen one, I became greedy and eventually ended up a 
failure. 
I have to be humble. The most important thing is to not treat myself like someone 
superior to others. 
I'm a novice. A novice. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
53 
Chapter 3 - Magic Textbook 
A novice with beginner's luck and managed to hit the bowling pins with a strike. 
I just have beginner's luck. I don't think I'm a talented person with talent. I should be 
working hard on this. 
Good. I needed to first rely on the chant to use a spell, then based on the feeling I 
experienced when casting I could practice the voiceless incantation repeatedly. 
I would just use that format to learn. 
“Then let's do it again.” 
But when I stretch out my right hand, I feel strangely sluggish. 
It's as if there's something heavy on my shoulders. 
The feeling of fatigue. 
Is it because I'm concentrating too hard? 
No, I was at least considered a pro at internet gaming(self-proclaimed). I was a man 
who could continue hunting for six full days without sleeping if I needed to. 
My concentration wouldn't vanish from just two attempts. 
“That is to say, my MP depleted....?” 
Goodness...if they say the mana amount is decided at birth, my mana's only enough 
to fire two water bullets? 
That's just too little, right? Or is it because I'm a beginner, my efficiency when using 
mana properly is really low? 
No, how can that be? 
To be safe, I tried firing off the spell one more time, but in the end I fainted. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
54 
Chapter 3 - Magic Textbook 
Part 4 
“Oh really, Rudeus, If you're sleepy just go to the toilet and then sleep on the bed.” 
When I woke up, I was treated as if I'd fallen asleep when reading the book, and wet 
the floor. 
Damn. I got scolded for wetting the floor even when I'm so old. 
Damn it.Damn it.Eh, I'm only two, right? Wetting the bed is still forgivable. 
But seriously, isn't my mana's too little? 
Hah.This made me feel really powerless.Well, even if it's 2 water bullets, the 
next thing is how to use it. 
In any case, I should practice to the point where I can fire it right away. 
Hah. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
55 
Chapter 3 - Magic Textbook 
Part 5 
The next day, I was fine even after firing four water bullets. 
I only felt tired after the fifth shot. 
“Huuuh...?” 
Based on my experience yesterday, I know I'll faint if I fired another shot, and I 
decide to stop. 
So I began to think. 
My current maximum's six shots. That's two times more than yesterday's. 
I looked at the barrel's-worth of five water bullets, and wonder. 
The reason why the number of shots increased by 2 times from yesterday till today. 
Was it because I was already tired yesterday, or was it because I consumed more MP 
yesterday? 
I'm casting them all through voiceless incantation, but there shouldn't be any 
difference between the two methods. 
I don't get it. 
Maybe the number will continue to increase tomorrow. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
56 
Chapter 3 - Magic Textbook 
Part 6 
It's the next day. 
The number of water bullets I could create had increased. 
Eleven times. 
It feels like I can increase the number of shots I can fire with the number of shots 
actually fired. 
If my theory's true, by tomorrow, I should be be able to use the spell 21 times. 
Another day passed. 
To confirm my guess, I casted the spell five times, and stopped. 
Another day passed. 
And my limit became 26 times. 
My limit really is the same as the number of times I had cast the spell. 
(You actually bluffed me.!) 
What do you mean a persons total mana is decided at birth? 
You're determining talent, an intangible thing you can't even see with your own eyes. 
A child's potential isn't what an adult can determine!! 
“Well, this also means that I can't just blindly trust something from a book.” 
This book's probably saying something like, “Human's happiness has a limit.” That 
sort of thing. 
Or was it referring to the results of training? 
Did it mean that after rigorous training, there's a mana cap? 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
57 
Chapter 3 - Magic Textbook 
No, it's still too early to draw a conclusion. This is still just a hypothesis. 
Something like.Yeah, like, it's based on how much you can grow, or something. 
When casting magic during infancy, the maximum value will increase exponentially, 
or something like that. 
Ah, I can't ignore the possibility that maybe it's due to my special body. 
.No, it's not good to treat myself as special. 
In my original world, it's said that the athletic abilities does increase exponentially 
during puberty. 
But the problem was that after puberty, no matter how hard one try, there's not much 
progress. 
Even in this world, for something like magic, a human's body structure shouldn't be 
any different. 
It's basically the same. 
Then, there's only one thing to do. 
Train as hard as possible before puberty ends. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
58 
Chapter 3 - Magic Textbook 
Part 7 
From the next day onwards, I depleted my mana to the fullest every day. 
At the same time, the number of spells I could use increased. 
As long as I can remember the feeling, it's easy to use voiceless incantation. 
Anyway, my short-term target's to completely master elementary magic. 
Elementary magic is just as the term implies. It had the lowest rank amongst all 
attack magic. 
Water and flame bullets are considered the basics even amongst the elementary 
spells. 
There are seven difficulty ranks to magic. 
[[Elementary, Intermediate, Advanced, Saint, King, Emperor, God]] 
I read that an ordinary educated magician can improve his specialized magic up to 
the advanced rank, while the typical uneducated is able to cast elementary to 
intermediate ranked spells. 
If we're going by the rank beyond Advanced, based on this system, those called a 
Eire-Saint or Water-Saint can be considered to be one of a kind. 
The Saint rank. 
I'm yearning that a little. 
But that magic guidebook only has fire, water, wind, and earth systems, up to the 
Advanced rank. 
'Where can I learn spells ranked Saint and and above.? 
No, it's better not to think too far ahead. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
59 
Chapter 3 - Magic Textbook 
It's the same too for RPG Maker, If one started off by creating the strongest monster, 
there's a high chance of being dejected. 
One should start from the slime. 
Though I didn't even finish the slime even though I started from it. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
60 
Chapter 3 - Magic Textbook 
Part 8 
Now, the book contained the following elementary water spells. 
Water bullet: A water bullet that can be shot. Water Ball. 
Water shield: Water that rises from the ground to form a wall. Water shield. 
Water arrow: A 20cm dart that's fired. Water Arrow. 
Ice strike: Creates a column of ice to smite an enemy. Ice Smash. 
Ice weapon: Forms a sword of ice. Ice blade. 
I tried out everything. 
Even though each spell was elementary, the amount of mana it took to cast them 
varied. 
Using the water bullet as my standard. A single cast expends two to twenty water 
bullets worth of mana based on the spell. 
Basically, I practiced only water magic. 
It would have been a problem if I'd tried the fire magic and caused a fire disaster. 
Speaking of fire, it seems the amount of mana used is correlated to the temperature. 
The higher the rank, the colder the ice got. 
While the book said certain spells should fly out of my hand, whether it water bullet 
or water arrow I could never get them to work properly. 
But I'm unable to shoot anything, whether it's the water bullet or the water arrow 
even though the book tells me so. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
61 
Chapter 3 - Magic Textbook 
Why's that so? Where have I gone wrong. 
Hmmm. I don't get it. 
The book had said something about a spell's size and speed. 
Can it be that after creating the bullet, I still need to control it using magic? 
Let's try it out then. 
“Oh?” 
The water bullet became bigger. 
“Ohhhh!!” 
Plop. 
“Oh.” 
But it still fell onto the floor. 
After that, I tried various means to change the bullet's size. 
I created two different bullets at the same time. 
I changed the size of the bullets at the same time. 
But even though it's a new discovery, none of the bullets look like flying forward.. 
Fire and wind aren't affected by gravity, and can float in the air. In the end though, 
they'll still disappear after a certain amount of time. 
I tried using wind to shoot a floating fireball, but it felt wrong somewhere. 
Hmmm. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
62 
Chapter 3 - Magic Textbook 
Part 9 
2 months later. 
At the end of all the mistakes, I finally succeeded in making a water bullet fly. 
By now, I've gotten a basic understanding of the concept behind incantation. 
There are certain steps to incantations. 
Creation » Setting of size » Setting of firing speed » Activation. 
Within this, the magic spell is done once the user determines the size and speed. 
Which means after the chant, 
1) The spell automatically takes shape. 
2) After this, within a fixed time frame, increase the mana input to adjust the size. 
3) After the size adjustment, during a fixed time frame with extra mana input, was 
the adjustment of the speed setting. 
4) Once the preparation period's over, the magic spell leaves the caster's hand, and 
automatically flies towards its target. 
This is the sequence of the entire thing. 
This is most probably correct...! think. 
The trick is that after chanting, I need to add more mana twice. 
If there's no adjustment to the size, the firing speed adjustment won't occur. 
It's no wonder that when I tried to fire the bullet, the only thing that happened was 
the size changing, nothing else. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
63 
Chapter 3 - Magic Textbook 
And to add on, when I'm doing voiceless incantation, I'll have to process all of these 
by myself. 
Even though it's a hassle, it can reduce the time needed to change the size and firing 
speed. 
It's possible to be several times faster than an incantation. 
Also, modifications can be done during the creation phase of a voiceless incantation. 
For example, what the book didn't record was how to freeze a water bullet to create 
an ice bullet. 
If I practice this, I might be able to use the Kaiser Phoenix attacki^oi (My face's full 
of pride). 
With different ideas, I can create a variety of effects. 
This is becoming interesting!! 
.But the basics are definitely important. 
I'll have to wait until my overall mana increases before experimenting. 
• [[Increase my mana capacity]] 
• [[Use voiceless incantation until it's as easy as breathing]] 
These are my two assignments. 
It's easy to have setbacks if I suddenly have a large goal. 
It's best to start of with something small. 
Alright, time to work hard. 
And so, I kept practicing elementary magic until I nearly fainted. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
64 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
Part 1 
3 years old. 
Recently, I finally got to know my parents' names. 
My father's name is Paul Greyrat. 
And my mother's name is Zenith Greyrat. 
My name is Rudeus Greyrat. 
The eldest son of the Greyrats. 
Even though I'm named Rudeus, my parents always shortened each other's names 
whenever they called each other, and shortened mine to Rudi. Thus, I only got to 
know my full name after a very long time. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
65 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
Part 2 
“Oh, Rudi really likes books.” 
As I'm always walking around with a book, Zenith lets out a laugh. 
They never lectured me or tried to take the book away. 
I always have a book tucked under my armpit even when I'm eating. However, I 
won't read the magic textbook in front of my family 
It's not to hide my talent. It's just that I don't know how magic is viewed exactly in 
this world. 
In my previous world, witches were prosecuted during the Middle Ages. 
It was when any spellcasters were treated as heretics and burned. 
There are practical books like this in this world, so the use of magic probably won't 
be deemed as heresy, but it may not necessarily be viewed in a positive light. 
Maybe the common understanding is that magic can only be used after becoming an 
adult. 
Since it's a dangerous act that would cause fainting after overexertion. 
Some might think of it as being a detriment to growth. 
And with that thought, I decided to keep my understanding of magic from my family. 
Maybe that fact was already long revealed when I shot magic spells out of the 
window 
And I had no choice then. I wanted to see how fast I could shoot them anyway. 
The maid (I think her name's Lilia) occasionally looked at me with a dangerous 
expression, but my parents continue to be happy-go-lucky, so I felt it's still okay. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
66 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
If I'm stopped here, I guess it can't be helped, but I don't wish to miss out the growth 
period. 
Talent will rust if it's not grown when it needs to be grown. 
I have to make use of this period as much as I can. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
67 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
Parts 
However, I had to put this secret magic training to an end. 
It was a certain afternoon. 
My mana capacity had grown quite a lot, so I started to try some intermediate spells, 
reciting a water cannon spell with the mindset of simply trying it out. 
Size: 1, Speed: 0. 
Like usual, I just wanted to do it to fill up the barrel with water. 
I just thought it would end up overflowing at most. 
But unexpectedly, an absurd amount of water was released, smashing a big hole in 
the wall. 
Left shocked, I was unable to think of what to do due to shock. 
A hole opened in the wall is undoubted proof that I used magic. 
And there's nothing I can do about that. 
I quickly gave up. 
“What happened!? Whoa.” 
At first, it was Paul who rushed in. 
And then he stared at the wall with his mouth agape. 
“Wai-hey, what the.Rudi, are you alright.?” 
Paul's really a nice guy. 
No matter how anyone looked at it. I'm definitely the one who did this. However, 
he's worried about my body. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
68 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
“Monsters...? But in this vicinity?” Even now, he's mumbling stuff like that, while 
looking around warily. 
“Oh my...” 
And Zenith followed him into the room. 
She was calmer than Father. 
After looking at the ruined wall and the puddles of water on the ground, 
“Oh...?” 
Her eyes sharpened as she stared at the page of the magic textbook where I had left 
it open. 
After looking at me and the book, she crouched down in front of me, and stared at 
my eyes with a gentle expression. 
Scary. 
There's no smile in her eyes. 
And I continue to focus my faltering eyes on Zenith with all my might. 
I learned something when I was a NEET. When you did something wrong, a 
stubborn attitude will only make things worse. 
Therefore, I can't avoid her eyes. 
This is a moment when a sincere attitude is needed. 
I can't avert from the person's eyes, and I have to meet them face on. This alone will 
make me look more sincere. 
It doesn't matter what one think. The main aim is to appear sincere. 
“Rudi, did you read out loud what is written on this book?” 
“I'm sorry.” 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
69 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
I nodded, and apologized. 
When something wrong was done, it's best to simply apologize. 
After all, only I, nobody else, could have done this. 
If I'm to come up with a shoddy lie, my trustworthiness will decrease. 
I lied as much as I wanted in the past, and became untrustworthy as a result. 
I will not make the same mistake again. 
“No, wait, this is an intermediate.” 
“Kyaa! Did you hear that, darling!? Our child's a genius after all!!" 
Paul's words were overpowered by Zenith's scream. 
She grabbed Paul's hands and jumped around in exhilaration. 
How energetic. 
Was my apology ignored? 
“No, you, erm, I haven't taught him any words anyway!” 
“Let's hire a home tutor right now!! This child will become a remarkable magician 
in the future!!” 
Paul was still perturbed, while Zenith was completely delighted. 
It looks like Zenith's exuberant over the fact that I used magic. 
And maybe I was worrying too much, thinking that on children shouldn't be using 
magic. 
Lilia remained calm as she quietly cleaned the room. 
This maid probably knew that I was using magic for quite some time, or she already 
had a feeling that I was somehow doing it. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
70 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
Perhaps she didn't think it was a bad thing, so she didn't take it to heart. 
Or maybe she just wanted to see the happy faces of my parents. 
“Hey dear, go out to Roa tomorrow and put up a job request!! This talent must be 
properly trained!!” 
Zenith was getting excited by herself, making a ruckus about genius, talent. 
Am I considered a genius for being able to suddenly cast magic? 
Is it my parents' doting on me too much? Or that using intermediate magic spells is 
considered amazing? I'm unable to tell. 
No, perhaps it's really my parents doting on me. 
I never used magic in front of Zenith before 
“I guess it's true.” But since she did say those words, maybe she already thought I 
was a genius. 
It's baseless. 
Ah, no. 
I suddenly remembered. 
Because I was always alone. 
When I was reading, I would occasionally read or repeat phrases that I liked. 
And ever since I came to this world, I would mumble to myself while reading books. 
At first it was Japanese, but after I learned how to talk, I would subconsciously use 
this world's language. 
And then, when I mumbled to myself, “Rudi, that is-” Zenith would teaching me 
the meanings of those words. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
71 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
Because of that, I remembered quite a lot about the fixed terms of this world. Well, 
never mind about that. 
I never said anything to anyone, but I learned the letters of this world by myself. 
My parents didn't even teach me how to talk. 
From my parents' viewpoint, it'll seem that “Our child can read words we never 
taught him, and read out loud the contents of a book. 
That's definitely a genius. 
If it's my child. I'll also think that he's a genius. 
In the past, the same thing happened when my younger brother was bom. 
He grew up fast, and did everything faster than me and my older brother. 
Saying words out, walking on his own feet. 
My parents were also optimistic; whenever their kids did something, even if it's 
nothing too big, they'll go “That kid's definitely a genius” 
Well, I'm a damned NEET who dropped out in High School, and my mental age is 
more than 30 years old. 
Without that much experience. I'll be a miserable wretch. 
That's 10 times! 10 times! 
“Darling, get a tutor!! We'll definitely find a good magic teacher in Roa!!” 
And then, when they find someone with talent, the one thing all parents would do 
would be to get the best education for him. 
In my previous life, my parents praised my younger brother's talent, and let him learn 
all kinds of things. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
72 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
And so, Zenith suggested to hire a magician to be the home tutor. 
But Paul objected to this idea. 
“Wait, didn't we decide that if he's a boy, we'll make him a swordsman instead?” 
If it's a guy, he'll take up a sword. If it's a girl, she'll learn magic. 
It seemed that was decided before I was bom. 
“But he can activate intermediate spells at this age!! If he starts training now, he will 
become an amazing magician!!” 
“But a promise is a promise, right!?” 
“What promise!? Don't you always break your promises!?” 
“My matters have nothing to do with this now, right!?” 
And so, a couple's quarrel began at that moment. 
Lilia calmly cleaned up the room. 
“Let him learn magic in the morning, and learn swordsmanship in the afternoon. 
Isn't that fine?” 
After the quarrel persisted for a while, Lilia finished up her cleaning, sighed, and 
suggested that, ending the argument. 
And so, the idiot parents subjected me to study while ignoring what their kid wanted. 
Oh well. I guess it's good since I decided to live on seriously. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
73 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
Part 4 
And because of those reasons, our household decided to hire a tutor. 
It seems the income as a tutor for a noble child's tutor is rather good. 
Paul's one of the few knights in this area, and still had the status as a lower-class 
noble. Thus, he's able to provide a salary befitting of his status. 
But this is a village area far away from the capital. 
Thus, as befitting of the border, it's rare to get outstanding talents here, let alone 
magicians. 
Would they be able to hire someone just by sending a request to the Magic guild and 
the Adventurer guild? 
Even though I had such worries, the unexpected thing was that we quickly found a 
tutor, and that tutor will come in tomorrow. 
This village had no inn, so the job offer includes accommodation too. 
According to my parents' guess, the one arriving is probably a retired adventurer. 
Young people won't come to the countryside, and a court magician can easily find 
work at the capital. 
In this world, only magicians ranked advanced and above are qualified to become a 
magic tutor. 
An consequently, an adventurer's rank is probably above intermediate. 
The one coming is probably a middle-aged or old man who spent his life devoted to 
researching on magic. 
That person probably has a beard, giving the impression of a sage. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
74 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
“I am Roxy. Please give me your guidance.” 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
75 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
But contrary to my expectations, a young girl came along instead. 
She's probably of similar age to a Middle School student. 
She's dressed in a brown magician's robe, her light blue hair in braids, and her 
compact body felt just right. 
The white skin, devoid of any suntan, was accompanied with sleepy half-opened 
eyes. She had curt-looking lips, and though she's not bespectacled,, she does give 
the image of a studious girl always working in the library. 
She's holding a bag in one hand, the other hand holding a staff a magician would 
use. 
And thus, she met with the 3 of us in this house. 
My parents were speechless as they look at her. 
That's to be expected. 
It was beyond what we expected. 
We imagined the tutor to be someone who had weathered many years. 
But the person who came was a little fellow like this. 
To me, who had played a lot of games, a loli-like magician wasn't something out of 
the ordinary for me. 
Loli, half opened eyes, brusque. 
With these 3 qualities, she's perfect. 
Please be my wife. 
“Ah-ah, you're, that, home tutor?” 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
77 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
“Ah, that's, really—” 
With my parents stuttering, I quickly added, 
“You're really small.” 
“I don't want to hear that from you.” 
I was immediately refuted. 
Maybe she has a complex about it. 
Even though I wasn't referring to the chest. 
Roxy sighed. 
“Hah. Anyway, which one's the student I'm supposed to teach?” 
She looked around as she asked, 
“Ah, it's this child.” 
Zenith introduced me, who was in her arms. 
I gave her a wink, 
And she immediately widen her eyes, letting out a sigh, 
“Haaa. I guess it happens from time to time, huh, that there are idiot parents who 
think their child has talent after growing slightly...” 
She quietly grumbled. 
I heard that!! Miss Roxy!! 
Well, I couldn't agree more with that. 
“What is it?” 
“It's nothing. However, I think that child of yours doesn't understand the concept of 
magic, right?” 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
78 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
“It's fine. Our Rudi here is very talented!!” 
Zenith said something any stupid parent would say. 
Roxy sighed again. 
“Haa, I understand. I'll try my best.” 
She probably assumed it's useless to say anything else. 
And with that, it's decided that in the morning, it'll be Roxy's lessons, and in the 
afternoon, it'll be swordsmanship studies under Paul. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
79 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
Part 5 
“Well, let's start from the magic textbook.No, before that, let's test how much 
magic you can use, Rudi.” 
For the first lesson, Roxy brought me into the courtyard. 
The magic lessons are mostly done outdoors. 
She too understands what'll happen if magic is used in the house. 
And she won't break the wall like I did. 
“Let me demonstrate. Bestow the protection of water to the place where thou 
demands, let the crystal clear stream appear here, [TWater ball.J] ” 
When Roxy recited the spell, a basketball-sized water bullet was formed in her hand. 
It flew towards one of the trees at high speed. 
Crash. 
The branches snapped easily, and the fence got soaked. 
Size 3, speed 4. Around there, I guess. 
“How's that?” 
“Yes. That tree's one Mother raised with such care. I guess Mother will be angry.” 
“Eh!? Really?” 
“No doubt.” 
There was that one time when Paul swung his sword and cut the branches. The fury 
Zenith had wasn't just the ordinary level of terror. 
“Isn't this bad? Got to think of something.!!” 
Roxy frantically ran to the tree, and picked up the fallen branches. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
80 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
And with her face red, she took the branches. 
“Uu.... let the power of God be converted into a bountiful crop, and bestowed into 
one's who had lost their strength to stand up once again, [fHealingJ] " 
It's another chant. 
And the branches are back to how they were before. 
"Phew.” 
Wow. Amazing. 
Anyway, got to praise her. 
“Phew.” 
“Teacher, you know how to use healing magic!!?” 
“Eh, yeah. I have no problems up to the intermediate rank.” 
“Amazing!! That's amazing!!” 
“No, if you train properly anyone can do things to that extent.” 
But though her response was somewhat curt, the comers on her lips showed 
otherwise by curling upwards, and her nose seemed to twitch slightly, proudly. She's 
happy. 
I only shouted "amazing" twice, and she's already this happy. That's too easy. 
“Now then, Rudi. Try that.” 
“Okay.” 
I raise my hand. 
Oops, I haven't used a water bullet chant for almost a year. Now I can't remember it. 
Let's try out what Roxy just said, Erm, erm. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
81 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
“Erm, how do you say that again?” 
“Bestow the protection of water to the place where thou demands, let the crystal 
clear flow appear towards here.” 
Roxy replied indifferently. Maybe this is within her expectations. 
But even if you replied so indifferently, I can't remember it in one try. 
“Bestow the protection of water to the place where thou demands.water ball” 
I really can't remember it, so I simply shortened it. 
I make it a little smaller and slower compared to the water bullet Roxy made. 
If I make it larger than hers, she might end up pouting. 
I'm very generous when it comes to younger girls. 
The basketball-sized water bullet flew out with great force and a whoosh. 
And the tree falls over with a loud crack. 
Roxy looked at me with a complicated face. 
“You shortened the chant?” 
“Yes.” 
Is that bad? 
Come to think of it, voiceless incantation was never recorded in the magic textbook. 
I've been using it quite casually, but maybe I touched upon something taboo, I guess? 
Or is she angry because it's 10 years too early for me to be using voiceless 
incantation. 
Under that scenario, is it better for me to refute by saying , So what about it, who 'll 
want to use such a lame chant? 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
82 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
“Do you usually shorten your chant?” 
“Usually.I don't chant.” 
I didn't know how to answer that question, so I just told the truth. 
It'll be revealed either way when I attend her lessons from now on. 
“Voiceless incantation!?” 
Roxy widened her eyes, staring at me with a skeptical look. 
“.I see. So you usually use voiceless incantation. I see. Do you feel tired?” 
However, she immediately reverted to her prim expression. 
“Yes. I'm fine here.” 
“Is that so? No complains about the size and strength of the water bullet here.” 
“Thank you very much.” 
Roxy finally gave a smile. 
A large grin in fact. 
And she muttered, 
“.Looks like there's some worth teaching him, huh?” 
Like I said, I heard what you just said. 
“Now then, let's hurry to the next spell...” 
Roxy looked rather excited, and just when she's about to open the magic textbook, 
“AHHHH!!!” 
A scream rang behind me. 
It's Zenith, who came to check on us. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
83 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
The drinks on the tray she's holding falls onto the ground, her hands covering her 
mouth as she stared at the snapped tree. 
A sorrowful expression. 
Replaced with the color of fury the next instance. 
Ah, this is bad. 
Zenith stormed over and approached Roxy. 
“Miss Roxy!! Will you please not treat our home as an experiment platform!!” 
“Ehh!! But this was done by Rudi.” 
“Even if Rudi did this, you're the one who allowed him, right!?” 
Roxy looked thunderstruck, completely shocked, her eyes blank white as she 
lowered her head. 
Well, you can't push the blame onto a 3 year-old kid. 
“Yes.You're right.” 
“I hope this won't happens again!!!” 
“Yes, I'm very sorry, madam.” 
And that. Zenith cast healing magic to splendidly repair the tree, and return back 
into the house. 
“To think I made a mistake so quickly.” 
“Teacher...” 
“Haha, I might be fired tomorrow.” 
Roxy sat on the ground and began to draw [[0]]. 
She really can't take any setbacks. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
84 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
I patted her shoulder. 
“Rudi?” 
Even though I patted her shoulder, I don't know what to say to console her, since I 
haven't communicated properly with anyone for almost 20 years. 
Sorry, I really have no idea what should I say at this time... 
No, calm down. 
Think about it carefully. How will a protagonist in an ero-game try to console her in 
such a situation. 
Hmm, I'm sure it's something like this. 
“You didn't fail just now, teacher.” 
“Ru-Rudi...?” 
“You're accumulating experience.” 
Roxy stared at me in surprise. 
“Th-that's true. Thank you.” 
“Yes. Please continue with the lesson.” 
And so, from the first day onward, I managed to get along with Roxy. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
85 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
Part 6 
The afternoon's about training with Paul. 
There's no wooden sword fitting my body size, so training's basically physical here. 
Jogging, push-ups, sit-ups, and so on. 
Anyway, it seems Paul's plan is based around getting me to move first. 
On days when Paul's unable to train me due to work, it could be said that basic body 
training was something that cannot be missed every single day. 
That's the same no matter which world it is. 
I'll try my best. 
As a child, my physical body can't endure the training for an the entire afternoon, so 
swordsmanship will end in the early afternoon. 
Because of that. I'll expend my mana till dinner. 
Magic spells expend different amounts of mana depending on the 'changes to the 
size'. 
For example, if the default is 1 for voiceless incantations, additional mana will be 
expended the more I expand the spell and increase the speed. 
The law of conservation of mass at work. 
But in contrast, for some reason, the smaller I make it to be, the more mana I have 
to use up. 
I really don't understand the logic. 
Creating a single droplet of water requires me to use much more mana than creating 
a fist-sized water bullet. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
86 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
It's really strange. 
I asked Roxy this question I always had, but the only answer I got was “That's just 
the case”. 
It looks like it's still unsolved. 
I still don't understand the reason. 
But this isn't a bad method for my training. 
My mana capacity has increased quite a bit recently. If I don't use some large spells, 
I won't be able to expend it all. 
If I simply want to wear out my mana supply, I just need to use maximum output 
until it runs out. 
But now it's time to try training my dexterity. 
Thus, I decided to do some very delicate works. 
Using magic to do small, refined and delicate work. 
For example, the creation of an ice statue, lighting a fire on my fingertip, or writing 
words on the board. 
I tried splitting the soil I obtain from the courtyard into parts... 
And even things like hanging a key in front of the knob. 
Earth magic does affect metals and minerals to some extent. 
But the more metallic the item was, the more mana I had to expend. 
I guess it's really hard to change things that are sturdier. 
The smaller the control target, the more delicate, complicated the task was, and the 
more accurate and efficient it is, the more mana that had to be expended. 
Throwing a baseball with all my strength. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
87 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
Slowly leading a thread through the hole of a needle. 
The amount of mana required for these two actions was roughly the same. 
Also, I tried using various types of magic at the same time. 
I needed to use at least 3 times more mana. 
So if I use 2 different systems of magic at the same time, and cast them gently, 
precisely, swiftly at the same time, I can easily deplete all my mana. 
And after continuing such training everyday- 
I end up unable to deplete all my mana even after casting spells for half a day or 
more. 
7 guess this should be enough. My heart started to waver. 
My lazy bones are starting to tell me that this should be enough already, right? 
Each time, I yelled and scolded myself. 
Muscles grow numb if one slacks off in training. 
Surely mana works the same way. I can't neglect my training just because I had some 
increase in capacity. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
88 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
Part 7 
While casting magic in the middle of the night, I could hear some irritating yelping 
noises. 
Where are they coming from? Of course it was from Paul and Zenith's room. 
Busy working. 
Maybe in the not-so-distant future, my younger brother or sister will be born, I guess. 
I think it's good to have a little sister. 
Yup, I don't want a younger brother. 
The image of my younger brother smashing my computer with a bat with all his 
strength still remained. 
I don't want a younger brother. 
A cute sister is better. 
"Goodness gracious..." 
In my past life, if I heard something that annoying, I would immediately slam the 
wall and floor to shut them up. 
Because of that, my older sister never brought a guy back home again. 
Such nostalgia. 
At that time, I always thought the people who did that were the malice that painted 
my world. 
I always thought those bullies were mocking me from a place I could not reach out 
to. Thus, I always had some rage within me that I couldn't vent. 
The ones who pushed me into the dark, unpleasant space however were looking 
down at me, saying. Why are you still in that place? 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
89 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
There's nothing more humiliating, than that. 
But recently, I changed my thinking. 
I'm not sure if it's because my body became that of a kid, because of my parents, or 
because I'm working hard for my future myself. 
But I'm about to eavesdrop on their actions with a magnanimous, supporting attitude. 
Hmph, I'm an adult too. 
I can more or less guess what's going on just from listening to the noises. 
It seems that Paul's very good at this. 
As for Zenith, she'll be knocked down after a while, being all breathless and such, 
but Paul would say something like "It's still early-", and keep on attacking. 
Just like a protagonist in some sexual humiliation ero-game. 
An unspeakable amount of stamina. 
Hah, since I'm Paul's son here, maybe I too have that kind of energy!? 
Awaken. 
For the Heroines!! 
Grant me the pink colored development!! 
Well, that initial enthusiasm's wilted recently though, and I'm able to calmly head 
towards the toilet while passing through that creaking corridor. 
Just so you know, the creaking would stop whenever I pass by their room. It's really 
interesting. 
That day, I walked to the toilet to indicate my presence, this son of theirs who's able 
to walk. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
90 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
Well then, shall I greet them today? 
Papa, mama, what are you doing naked? That's what I'll ask. 
I'm looking forward to their excuses. Kukuku... 
With that thought, I quietly head out of the room. 
But another guest was there already. 
The blue-haired girl's squatting in the dark corridor, peeking into the room through 
the door's gap. 
Her face's flushed and she was holding in her quickened breath, but her eyes glued 
into the inner rooms. 
I can see her hand reaching beneath her robes, doing some inviting movements. 
I quietly return back to my room. 
Roxy's a lady at an appropriate age. 
I'm generous enough to pretend not to notice her in indulging in this kind of thing. 
.Just kidding. 
Well, I saw something good. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
91 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
Part 8 
4 months have passed. 
And I'm able to use all the intermediate spells. 
And so, I started taking night classes from Roxy. 
Oops, there's nothing erotic being taught during these night classes. 
The content of the studies are mostly miscellaneous knowledge. 
Roxy's a good teacher. 
She doesn't stick too much to the curriculum. 
She's teaching me progressively according to my understanding. 
She's highly adaptable to the understanding of the students. 
She picks a question from the prepared textbook to test me; if I'm able to get it 
correct, she'll move on to her next one. 
If I don't understand, she'll teach me patiently. 
And this alone makes me feel like my view of the world has broadened. 
In my past life, there was a time where a home tutor was hired, when my older 
brother was taking his exams. 
There was once when I felt interested, and listened in on the lesson. 
However, it wasn't any different from what was taught in school. 
Compared to that, Roxy's classes are easier to understand, and interesting. 
A class where I'm certain to get answers for my questions. 
Moreover, it's a teacher at the age of a junior high school student teaching me, 
budding with regards to sex. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
92 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
That scenario's the best for me. 
If it's the past me, that delusion alone will cause me to masturbate 3 times. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
93 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
Part 9 
"Teacher, why's magic only used in combat?" 
"Actually, you can't say it's just used for combat only..." 
Roxy will always answer any of my sudden questions seriously. 
"Hmm, indeed, where shall I begin.? First of all, magic is said to have come from 
the ancient long-eared raccHighEives." 
WHOA, elves!! 
Do they really exist!? 
Golden hair, green clothes, wielding bow, and always getting bound by tentacles!! 
Oops, calm down. 
They're probably different from what I know. 
Though as the word imply, they have long ears. 
"What are the long earsEwes ?" 
"Hmm, long earsmves are a race living North of the Millis continent." 
According to Roxy's words, 
A very long time ago, before the war between humans and demons broke out, the 
world was still in chaos, and wars arose everywhere. During that time, ancient long¬ 
eared raccHigh Elves were able to communicate with the forest spirits, manipulating the 
earth and winds to fight off the invaders. It's said that was the world's oldest magic. 
"Heh? It's recorded down in history too?" 
"Of course." 
Roxy nods away at my mocking words. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
94 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
"The magic now is derived from the human race imitating the ancient long-eared 
raccHigh Elves' magic during the wars back then, and evolving it. Humans are especially 
good at such things." 
"The human race is very good at such things?" 
"Yes, the human race is always the one creating new things." 
It seems the human race loves to invent. 
"The reason why magic is used only in combat is because it's basically only used in 
those situations. Even if magic's not relied on, there are things around us we can use 
to do what we want." 
"The things around us refer to?" 
"For example, if you need a light, you can use a candle or lantern, right?" 
I see, that's something very common. 
Compared to using magic, a tool is definitely simpler. 
That's kind of logical. 
Though if it's voiceless incantation, it's even simpler than using a tool. 
"Also, not every type of magic is suited for combat. For example, with summoning 
magic, you can call out a similarly ranked magic beast or spirit." 
"Summoning magic!! Can you teach me someday?" 
"No, I have not used it either. Also, among the tools, there are magic items as well." 
Magic items. 
I can basically imagine it from the wording. 
[Magic items are?] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
95 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
[Items that contain special effects. The inner portion are inscribed with a magic 
formation, so one can use it even if he's not a magician. However, these magic items 
require expending a lot of mana.] 
[I see.] 
Basically as I imagined. 
Come to think of it, it's a pity that Roxy can't use summoning magic. 
Attack magic and healing magic concepts could still be understood, but I have no 
idea how summoning magic worked. 
Also, there was a lot of vocabulary that suddenly appeared. 
The human-demon war, familiars, spirits. 
[Sensei, what's the difference between magic beasts and magic creatures?] 
[Not much difference.] 
Basically magic creatures are creatures that experienced some changes. 
And once magical creatures increased in number by chance and become a race, after 
generations they would possess a certain amount of intelligence and become magical 
beasts. 
It's just that even if they possessed intelligence, they were still called magical 
creatures if they attacked the human race. 
In retrospect, regarding magical beasts that became vicious over generations, there 
were examples where they reverted back to magical creatures. 
There are no clear lines. 
Magical creatures = Attack humans. 
Magical beasts = Don't attack humans. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
96 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
This line of thinking should be fine. 
[That is to say, the demon races evolved from magical creatures?] 
[Not at all. The demon races had been named that long ago during the human-demon 
war.] 
[It's that human-demon war that was just mentioned?] 
[Yes. The first war was about 7000 years ago.] 
[That is certainly a very long time ago.] 
This world's history was actually that long. 
[That's not considered very long. Humans were still fighting up until 400 years ago. 
From 7000 years ago, the human race and the demon races continued to fight each 
other.] 
I thought 400 years was considered a long time, but it actually persisted for nearly 
7000 years. 
Was the relationship that bad? 
[Hah, I see. So in conclusion, what does the demon races point to?] 
[To define the demon races is quite troublesome. 
If it's really necessary, [[The races that stood on the side of the demon races during 
the previous war]] should be the easiest to understand. 
Of course, there are some exceptions. ] 
[Ah, to add on. I'm also from a demon race.] 
[Oh, I see.] 
A demon was here as a home tutor. 
Did it mean that there was no ongoing war now? 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
97 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
It's best when we are at peace. 
[Yes. To formally put it, it's the Migurd race from the Bigoya area in the demon 
continent. Didn't Rudi's parents look shocked when they saw me?] 
[I thought the reason was that Sensei looked small.] 
[I'm not small.] 
Roxy rebutted me. She looked like she took this thing very seriously. 
[They became shocked when they saw my hair.] 
[Hair?] 
I thought it was pretty bluei^^i hair. 
[The typical rumor is that the closer the demon race's hair is to green, the 
violent and dangerous it is. Especially when my hair looks like it's green 
different lighting.] 
Green. 
Was that this world's warning color. 
Roxy's hair was a pretty green that made people eyes wake up. 
She played with her fringe as she explained. 
Her actions were really cute. 
If there were blue hair in Japan, it must be a punk or an oba-chani^si. 
No matter which type it was, that unnatural feel made me feel disgusted. 
But Roxy's hair didn't have that unnatural feeling and it didn't make me feel any 
disgust. 
It could be said that it suited Roxy's sleepy expressions. 
more 
under 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
98 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
If she was a female lead in an ero-game, she was definitely very suited to be 
conquered first. 
[Your hair is really pretty.] 
[.Thank you for the compliment, but you should leave that kind of talk for a girl 
you like in the future.] 
[But I like Sensei.] 
I said without hesitation. 
I'm not a person who hesitates. 
I'll express my love to all the cute girls. 
[Right. If you haven't changed your thoughts 10+ years later, we will talk about it 
again.] 
[Okay, Sensei.] 
Even though it was reflected lightly, I didn't miss Roxy's slightly happy expression. 
Even though I didn't know how much a good guy's training in ero-games could be 
used in this different world. 
But it can't be said to be completely meaningless. 
Something like this dokidokii^^i p^e might be a cliched joke in Japan, but it might be 
a fiery trail to a romantic love. 
Yup, what the heck am I talking about? 
Roxy's cute and H. If I can just raise a flag. 
But the age difference is quite big. 
What's going to happen in the future? 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
99 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
[Going back to that topic, "the brighter it is, the more dangerous it is" is complete 
superstition.] 
[Ah, it's all superstition.] 
I really thought it was a warning color. 
[Yes, the Supard race from the Babinos area is a green-haired race, and they 
committed a lot of atrocities during the war 400 years ago. That is why they have 
this rumor, so it really has nothing to do with hair color.] 
[Many atrocities?] 
[Yes. During the lO-i- years war, their crimes made both parties feel fear and hatred. 
Their race is very dangerous, and after the war, they were prosecuted and chased out 
of the demon continent.] 
Chased out after the war ended? 
That's amazing. 
[Are they really that hated.] 
[It is simply so.] 
[What did they do?] 
[Well this, I only roughly.it's just that, I only heard this in my childhood. I heard 
they attacked a friendly location on the demon races' side and killed all the women 
and children, or they annihilated every single enemy and then killed their allies. 
There are also stories about how if you don't sleep at night, a Supard will eat you up, 
and things like that.] 
Shimaachau oji-san?[i5i 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
100 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
[The Migurd race is one that's similar to the Supard race, so they were also 
implicated in the past. Even though your parents will tell you this sooner or 
later.] 
[Remember this.] 
Roxy emphasized. 
[If you see a someone that has emerald hair and a ruby-like stone on their forehead, 
don't approach them. If you have no choice but to talk to them, you must not anger 
them.] 
Emerald hair, ruby stone on the forehead. 
This seemed to be the Supard race's special trait. 
[What happens if you anger them?] 
[He might kill your entire family.] 
[Emerald colored hair and ruby stone on the forehead, right?] 
[Yes, the thing on their forehead can see the movements of mana. It's their 3rd eye.] 
[It can't be that there are only women in the Supard race?] 
[Eh? No? There are men too?] 
[Will the stone change blue after doing something?] 
[Huh? N-no? At least I have never heard of that before.] 
What the heck are you saying? Roxy tilted her head, confused. 
I just wanted to ask for my own satisfaction. 
[But that kind of trait is easily recognized right?] 
[Yes. If you see them, immediately fake something like "I need to go right now" and 
avoid them. Suddenly running away might anger them.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
101 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
Like running away from some delinquent will only make them chase after you. 
I had such an experience. 
[Based on the things you told me, it will be fine if you respect them?] 
[I think it's fine if you don't insult them openly. It's just that since there are many 
differences between the human race and the demon races' common sense, you might 
make them angry over some stuff. It's best not to use snide remarks.] 
Hm. 
They seemed to be easily provoked. 
But rather than saying we're being hurt, it's better to say that we're afraid. 
That feeling of, "oh that guy is going to be scary when he's angry, it's best to avoid 
him." Something like that. 
Scary, scary. 
I don't think I can reincarnate after being killed again. 
Best to avoid them with everything I have. 
The Supard race, don't mess with them. 
I carved it into my heart. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
102 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
Part 8 
The magic classes progressed smoothly. 
Recently I could use all the advanced magic. 
Of course it's using voiceless incantations. 
Compared to the usual training I had, it's as easy as picking my nose when using the 
advanced magic. 
Though the advanced magic are mostly AOE, so using them felt very restrictive. 
Rain over a large area - what could I do with it? 
I actually had this thought, but it seemed that Roxy produced rain when she came 
here and received praise for it. 
I heard this from Paul when I stayed at home. 
Besides that, Roxy received multiple requests from the villagers and used magic to 
solve various problems. 
[I found a large rock when I was turning the soil, please help me Rokaemon!] 
[Leave it to me, Dan*rako.] 
[What magic is that?] 
[This magic wets the soil around the rock, and then I'll change it to mud with earth 
magic, making it combination magic.] 
[Woah, that's incredible, the rock is sinking!! I] 
[Hmphhhh.] 
That kind of feeling I! (probably) 
[As expected of Sensei. You're helping others.] 
[Helping others? No, this is earning pocket money.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
103 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
[You're charging?] 
[Of course.] 
What a cheapskate! 
Even though I was thinking that, it seemed normal to the villagers. 
Because no one else could do this in the village, they kept praising Roxy. 
Give and take. 
It's my perception that's wrong. 
Helping others without compensation is a must. 
This is the feeling of a Japanese person. 
The norm was to charge money for it. 
This was the norm (to charge money). Common sense. 
Well, because I'm a NEET who didn't even talk about helping other less fortunate 
people. I'm treated as a troubled person by my family. 
Hahaha. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
104 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
Part 9 
One random day, I asked. 
[Should I call Sensei Shishoui^^i?] 
In the end, Roxy showed a look of disgust. 
[No, you will most likely easily surpass me. It's best not to call me that.] 
It seemed like I had the potential to surpass Roxy. 
I felt a little embarrassed when I got praised like that. 
[You wouldn't call someone who's weaker than you Shishou, right?] 
[Not at all.] 
[I hate it. Someone who's better than me calling me Shishou - isn't that embarrassing 
yourself?] 
Is that the case? 
[Is it because Sensei is stronger than Sensei's teacher that you say this?] 
[Listen to me, Rudi. Shishou, this thing, is someone who can't teach you anything 
more but still expects things from you-This troublesome existence.] 
[But Roxy won't do that, right?] 
[Perhaps I will.] 
[Even if that's the case, I will still respect you.] 
Even if it's Roxy who takes up an attitude of asking me to do things. 
I will still smile and respect her. 
[No, I might be jealous of my student's potential and say something ugly.] 
[Such as?] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
105 
Chapter 4 - Teacher 
[A mere dirty demon, or something like that, shouldn't go to that village, etc.] 
Were you criticized like that? 
Poor thing. 
Discrimination is a bad thing. 
But the superior-subordinate relationship had always been this way. 
[That's okay, it's just a little thing.] 
[Just because a person is a little bit older doesn't mean it's totally okay!! A teacher- 
student relationship without a certain strength will make each other unhappy!!] 
I was cut off. 
It seemed that her relationship with her teacher was far worse than I imagined. 
Because of that, I never called Roxy Shishou. 
But I decided to always call her that in my heart. 
This girl who still retained a little childishness taught me many things that a book 
could not. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
106 
Chapter 5 - Magic and Swordsmanship 
Chapter 5 - Magic and Swordsmanship 
Part 1 
I'm 5 years old now. 
On my birthday, my house held a small party. 
This country didn't have the custom of celebrating birthdays every year. However, 
the norm was that after you reach certain ages, your family members would give you 
some gifts. 
Those certain age points are 5, 10, and 15 years old. 
It's easy to understand this norm since you become an adult when you turn 15 years 
old. 
To celebrate that, Paul gave me a pair of swords. 
Two swords. 
One is a real sword that's too heavy for a 5 year old child. The other is a short wooden 
sword. 
The real sword was forged and sharpened. 
It's not meant for a child to use it. 
[In a boy's heart, there must be a sword to protect the people important to him-] 
I grin lightly while ignoring his long speech. 
Even though Paul is very passionate about his speech, he was cut off by Zenith with 
a [Too long] at the end. 
Therefore, he had to end it with [Therefore, you need to put this away carefully and 
use it only in times of need.] 
Paul probably wanted me to have the resolution and self-awareness to use a sword. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
107 
Chapter 5 - Magic and Swordsmanship 
I received a book from Zenith. 
[Because Rudeus seems to like books.] 
The book that was given to me is a plant encyclopedia. 
I couldn't resist letting out a [Woah.] 
In this world, books are expensive. Even though there is a technique to make paper, 
there isn't any way to print on them, so most books are hand written. 
The encyclopedia is very thick, and there are also illustrations accompanied with it 
to make it easy to understand. 
I can't tell how much was spent on this. 
[Thanks, mum. I always wanted this.] 
And I got hugged tightly after saying that. 
I received a staff from Roxy. 
A rod around 30 cm in height with a small ruby-colored stone adorned in front of it. 
The overall appearance is very modest. 
[I created this a few days ago. I forgot about it because Rudeus knew how to use 
magic from the very beginning. Usually the teacher will make the staff personally to 
allow students to use elementary rank magic. I'm terribly sorry about it.] 
There seems to be such a standard. 
Roxy hates to be called Shishou, but she didn't want to ignore this standard. 
[Yes, Shishou, I will take good care of it.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
108 
Chapter 5 - Magic and Swordsmanship 
Roxy shows a bitter expression after hearing what I said. 
The second day, I started practicing real sword techniques. 
Basically, the primary training is to swing the sword and have a proper stance. 
Examples include practicing the form and striking the wooden dummies in the 
courtyard, or having dad as the opponent while learning footwork and shifting my 
body weight properly. 
It is a pleasant feeling to start from the basics. 
In this world, sword techniques are highly viewed. 
Even in books, heroes are primarily seen using swords as weapons. Though they 
also used axes and maces, these people belonged to the rare parties. 
Nobody uses a spear because the previously mentioned Supard race uses tridents. 
Spears are weapons of the evil demons, a common knowledge. Even the books have 
evil demons appearing there as a indiscriminate monster who kills off and devours 
both parties, regardless of friend or foe. 
Because of such a background, the sword techniques are much more involved here 
than in the previous world. 
If you become an expert, you can break boulders with a swing of the sword and even 
strike down opponents far off in the distance with a sword flash. 
In fact, Paul could break boulders. 
I continued to praise him constantly to try and understand how the logic works, 
letting him demonstrate repeatedly. Paul looked delighted when his young, but 
capable of advanced ranked magic, son is happily applauding and praising him. 
Except no matter the times I saw it, I couldn't understand the logic behind it. 
Since I didn't understand it, I requested him to explain it. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
110 
Chapter 5 - Magic and Swordsmanship 
[Bam on the ground and swoosh one time!! That sort of feeling.] 
[Like this!?] 
[You silly fool! You're booming the ground and kablaming one time, right!! You 
must bam on the ground and swoosh one time! Do it more gently!] 
That kind of feeling. 
Based on my conjecture, this world's sword techniques contain mana. 
Compared to magic spells which could be seen with the eyes, sword techniques are 
specialized to enhance the physical body, and the metallic components in the sword 
itself reinforces this aspect. Otherwise, how do you cut the boulder before you even 
finish that high speed movement? Is that even possible? 
But Paul isn't conscious of using mana. 
So he can't explain it to me. 
But if it can be replicated, perhaps it can be used as boost magic for physical body 
reinforcement. 
I'll work hard. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
111 
Chapter 5 - Magic and Swordsmanship 
Part 2 
In this world, there are 3 mainstream styles of sword techniques. 
- One of them is the Sword-God style. 
The sword technique acts like offense is the greatest defense. It is a style that places 
emphasis on striking faster than the opponent. 
A certain kill that's swifter than swift. 
If you fail to hit the opponent, then just "hit away" until you do. 
If you compare it with the original world, it's like the style from the Satsuma 
prefecture.i^^i 
- The second is the Water-God style. 
This style is the complete opposite of the Sword-God style. 
A defensive style that builds its foundation upon parrying and countering. 
As the style primarily focuses on defense, moments where one takes the initiative to 
attack are rare. 
When you reach the saint rank, you can counter any kind of attack. 
Any kind of attack-Including magic and projectiles. 
It is a necessary style for classes like the palace knights or nobles, where the goal is 
to protect someone. 
- The third one is the North-God style. 
Rather than saying the style uses sword techniques, it is better to describe it as a way 
of fighting. 
No special techniques. Merely react based on the situation. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
112 
Chapter 5 - Magic and Swordsmanship 
According to Paul, even though it's based on reactions, it also relies on feints and 
usage of one's surroundings. 
This really is something fantastical. 
It gives off Jackie Ctian^oi vibes. 
The North-God style also includes the healing of wounds and being able to battle 
when afflicted with disabilities. Therefore, it is popular among mercenaries and 
adventurers. 
These 3 styles are called the 3 Major Styles, and there are people in this world who 
use all 3 styles. 
A swordsman who hopes to become an expert in every style and swing the sword 
until death. 
But that type is rarely seen. 
If you want to quickly become strong, it is common to just start off with the strong 
points of each style. 
Paul primarily uses the Sword-God style, but he's also capable of using the Water- 
God and the North-God style. 
If you only rely on the Sword-God Style or the Water-God style, you will find it to 
be insufficient when you roam the outside world. 
Just to add on, the sword techniques are also ranked. 
Elementary, Intermediate, Advanced, Saint, King, Emperor, God. 
And each style already has "God" in their names. 
Even if a elementary ranked Water-God style swordsman can also use Water-God 
ranked magic. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
113 
Chapter 5 - Magic and Swordsmanship 
Also, you usually call a swordsman "Water-God" or "Water-Saint." For a magician, 
you need to add that it's ranked, like "Water-God ranked" or "Water-Saint ranked". 
For example, Roxy is a [Water-Saint ranked magician.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
114 
Chapter 5 - Magic and Swordsmanship 
Part 3 
I have to learn 2 styles: the Sword-God style and the Water-God style. 
The offensive Sword-God and the defensive Water-God. 
[But dad, based on what you said, isn't the North-God style the most balanced?] 
[Don't be foolish. That's just using a sword to fight. It's not a technique.] 
[I see.] 
The treatment is that bad for the North-God style? 
Or is it just that Paul detests it? 
Well, even though he hates it, Paul still has an advanced rank in the North-God style. 
[Rudeus, you have the talent for magic, but there are no drawbacks in learning sword 
techniques. Become a magician who can avoid the Sword-God style's attacks.] 
[Like a.magic swordsman?] 
[Hm? A magic swordsman is a swordsman who uses magic. In your case, it's the 
opposite right?] 
What's the difference? 
Even if it's based on a warrior or magician profession, a magic swordsman is still a 
magic swordsman. 
No matter what, learning the sword techniques well can be applied to magic itself. 
The problem is that Paul unconsciously strengthens his body, so he can't teach me. 
Looks like I need to learn it myself, but can I really learn it just by training the body 
alone? 
[.Actually, you do hate the sword techniques right?] 
Paul asks me with an unsettled expression as I lapse into deep thought. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
115 
Chapter 5 - Magic and Swordsmanship 
Because I am praised as gifted with magic after all. 
Paul is agonizing over whether I'm willing to learn sword techniques. 
But don't get me wrong. I don't hate learning sword techniques. I just like learning 
from Roxy more than having two stinking males in the courtyard drenched in 
perspiration. 
I'm an indoor type. 
Even though this isn't a question that I like. 
Since I already decided to live in this world seriously, I'll put my effort in whether 
its sword techniques or magic. 
[No, I hope to have sword skills on the same level as my magic.] 
Paul becomes moved by my words, nods happily, and picks up the wooden sword. 
[Good, then we will start right now. Attack me!!] 
He's such a straightforward guy. 
Magic techniques or sword techniques. I'm not sure what I should have as my 
primary focus in the end. 
Honestly it doesn't matter. 
[Yes, dad!!] 
But it's good to be filial to my parents early. 
Back in the past, I was still bothering my parents when they died. 
If I treated my parents better, my siblings wouldn't have chased me out of the house. 
So I need to treat them with importance. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
116 
Chapter 5 - Magic and Swordsmanship 
Part 4 
As I take my first step into sword techniques, my magic lessons have progressed into 
practical uses. 
[If you activate Water Fall, Heat Island, and Icicle Field in this order, what will 
happen?] 
[You will create fog.] 
[Indeed. Then how do you dispel the fog?] 
[Well, reheat the earth again.] 
[Correct answer. Then go ahead and try again.] 
Creating the current situation with various magic spells in a specific order. 
This is called [Melded Magic]. 
Although how to summon rain is recorded in the textbook, there aren't any notes on 
how to create fog. 
Therefore, a magician will use different magic systems in a specific order. In doing 
so, one can replicate a natural phenomenon. 
There are no microscopes in this world. 
Natural phenomenons are not explained. 
Melded magic contains the past magicians' creativity and hard work. 
Well, I don't need to do something so troublesome. 
As long as you produce clouds and make it rain near the ground, it will suffice. 
But a man-made phenomenon allows one to understand it easily. 
If you ponder on things, you can do a lot. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
117 
Chapter 5 - Magic and Swordsmanship 
It might be too difficult on my mind though. 
[Magic can really do anything.] 
[It can't do everything, don't put your trust into it so much. Please calmly do what 
you can possibly achieve.] 
Even though Roxy refutes me, my mind has stuff like railguns and cloaking devices 
popping up. 
[Also, if you brag and say that you can do everything, people will push impossible 
tasks onto you.] 
[Is that Sensei's experience?] 
[Yes.] 
I see. I should take note of this. 
It would be troublesome if I were forced. 
[But are there people who force things on magicians?] 
[Yes, because there aren't many advanced ranked magicians.] 
Out of every 20 people, only 1 can take up combat. 
Out of every 20 of these people, only 1 is a magician. 
Something like that. 
A magician is 1 out of 400? 
Even though it's not rare to be a magician. 
[And a human graduating from a magic school.As an advanced ranked magician, 
it's about 1 in 100.] 
Advanced ranked magicians, 1 in 40000. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
118 
Chapter 5 - Magic and Swordsmanship 
With the ability to use intermediate and advanced ranked magic to make melded 
magic, the number of things that can be done will increase immensely. 
Therefore, they are prodigies who are highly sought after by every faction. 
This country's home tutor must also possess advanced magic and above. 
It is a powerful effect for one's position. 
[There are magic schools?] 
[Yes. Only big countries will have magic schools.] 
Come to think of it, I always felt there would be something like a magic school. 
Is it about to start? The school arc. 
[But, the biggest is probably still the university in Ranoa.] 
Oh, there's a university, too. 
[What's the difference between this university and other schools?] 
[There are very good facilities and teachers. Compared to other locations, you can 
receive higher quality lessons.] 
[Did Sensei come from there too?] 
[Yes. Well, magic schools are usually places that require high social standing. As a 
demon race, I can only enter magic universities.] 
As nobles go to Ranoa's magic school, it isn't a place where non-human races can 
enter. 
Even though discrimination against the demon races is dwindling, the way of doing 
things haven't changed completely. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
119 
Chapter 5 - Magic and Swordsmanship 
[Ranoa's university doesn't require high social standing or pride. Even if you have 
some crazy theories, you will not be rejected as long as the logic is correct. Also, 
due to the acceptance of various races, there is also research done on magic unique 
to specific races. If Rudeus wants to start on the road of magic, I would suggest 
entering the magic university.] 
Is it because it was her Alma Mater? Roxy keeps praising the university. 
Well, that's something for the future. 
I might get bullied if I enter at the age of 5. 
[It's still too early to make a decision.] 
[That's true. I think following Paul's direction, becoming a swordsman or knight, 
isn't bad. There are also people who are knights and study in the magic university. 
Please don't think that you have to only choose the sword or magic path. You can 
also choose the route of a magic swordsman.] 
[Yes.] 
It seems that she is the opposite of Paul. Roxy isn't unsettled by whether I hate magic 
or not. 
Recently my mana capacity has increased, and I'm starting to understand the 
principles. 
Due to that, my attention during classes is starting to wane. 
Moreover, I started taking magic lessons when I was only 3 years old. 
I'm starting to get sick of it. 
Maybe I am being misunderstood. 
Paul saw my talent for magic. 
Roxy saw my passion for the sword. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
120 
Chapter 5 - Magic and Swordsmanship 
2 people with their different reasons pointed the middle road out for me. 
[But this is something very far away.] 
[To Rudeus, it is indeed.] 
Roxy smiles with a hint of loneliness. 
[But I am almost out of things to teach you. When you are nearing graduation, this 
matter should be discussed.] 
.Graduate? 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
121 
Chapter 6 - Reason for Respeet 
Chapter 6 - Reason for Respect 
Part 1 
Ever since I came to this world, I have not left the house. 
I am conscious of the fact that I have never left. 
I am truly afraid. 
If I walk out of the courtyard and see the scenery outside, my past memories will 
quickly awaken. 
The memories of that day. The pain on the side of my stomach. The piercing cold 
from the rain. Regret. Despair. The pain from being run over by the truck. 
All these memories will return to me, as if it had just happened yesterday. 
My legs are shivering. 
I can look outside from my window or walk to the courtyard with my own legs. 
But I am unable to take another step. 
Because I know. 
That peaceful scenery of the fields might instantly turn into hell. The seemingly 
peaceful sights are unable to accept me. 
In my past life, I had countless delusions when I was unable to sleep. 
What if Japan suddenly went to war. What if a bishoujo suddenly appeared and 
became my neighbor. 
If that happened, I would definitely be able to work hard. 
I kept deluding myself so as to escape from reality. 
I dreamt of it countless times. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
122 
Chapter 6 - Reason for Respeet 
In my dream I'm not Superman, and I still possess the same level as an average 
person. And like an average person, I was able to do what my limits allowed me to 
do. I eould live by relying on myself. 
But I'm going to wake up from this dream. 
If I take a step outside this house, I may possibly wake up from this dream. 
And when I wake up, I will return to that moment of despair. 
That instant when I was drowned by regret. 
No, this isn't a dream. 
How ean there be sueh a realistie dream like this. 
If you tell me that this is a VRMMORPG, I might still aeeept it. 
This is reality. 
I keep eonvineing myself. 
This reality is not a dream. 
Even though I understand that it is a faet, I am unable to take a step outside. 
No matter how mueh effort I put into my heart. 
I swore to live on earnestly with my lips. 
But my body is unable to keep up. 
I really want to ery. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
123 
Chapter 6 - Reason for Respeet 
Part 2 
The graduation test is to be held outside the village. 
When Roxy told me that, I let out a weak groan of resistanee. 
[Outside?] 
[Yes, outside the village. The horses have been prepared.] 
[Can't it be done at home?] 
[No.] 
[It ean't be done.?] 
I am eompletely lost. 
My heart knows it. That I have to take a step outside the house gates. 
How ean I be a hikikomori in this world. 
But my body is refusing it. It still distinetly remembers that past event. 
On that fateful day in my past life, I was beaten and bruised all over by delinquents, 
vieiously moeked by them, and my heart was left with huge psyehologieal damage. 
That fateful day when I had no ehoiee, but to shut myself indoors. 
[What's wrong?] 
[No.that.there might be some magieal ereatures outside.] 
[In this area, it's almost impossible to run into magieal ereatures if you don't 
approaeh the forests. Also, even if we do run into them, I ean handle it by myself 
sinee they are weak. In faet, even Rudei ean handle them.] 
Roxy shows a surprised expression when I keep finding all sorts of exeuses up till 
now. 
[Ah, I think I had heard of it before. Rudei, have you never left the house?] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
124 
Chapter 6 - Reason for Respeet 
[Mmmm... yes.] 
[Are you afraid of it? The horse.] 
[I-I'm not afraid of horses or things like that.] 
Aetually I sort of like it. 
I also played «Debi* horse raeing»[2ii. 
[Haha. I'm relieved. You have areas that mateh your age.] 
Roxy got the wrong idea. 
But I ean't say that I'm afraid of going out. 
That is something mueh more embarrassing than being afraid of horses. 
I still have my pride. 
A pure seintilla of pride. 
I don't want to be looked down by this young girl. 
[Oh well, it ean't be helped. Here.] 
Seeing that I am unwilling to move, Roxy suddenly earries me on her shoulders. 
[Wha!?] 
[If you just sit on it, you soon won't be afraid.] 
I don't struggle. 
My heart is wavering as well, and I'm thinking of just leaving it to her. 
Roxy throws me onto the baek of the horse. 
Then she also elimbs up and takes hold of the reins. 
The horse patters forward. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
125 
Chapter 6 - Reason for Respeet 
I simply leave the house in that manner. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
126 
Chapter 6 - Reason for Respeet 
Part 3 
This is my first time outside the courtyard after coming to this world. 
Roxy is slowly moving forward in the village. 
From time to time, the villagers will throw us unreserved gazes. 
No way. 
My body is tensing up. 
I am still afraid of being looked at. 
Especially those mocking and unrestrained gazes. 
Surely they wouldn't court trouble with us with mocking words. 
They probably wouldn't. 
They don't recognize me. 
In this world, only the people in that small house know me. 
Why are you looking at me. 
Stop looking, go back to work. 
.No. 
It's not me. 
They are looking at Roxy. 
Some of them are greeting Roxy. 
Ah, that's right. 
She has already established her position in this village. 
Even though the discrimination against the demon races is quite severe in this 
country. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
127 
Chapter 6 - Reason for Respeet 
And in this rural area, this eontrast is even more apparent. 
Within a short period of 2 years, she has beeome a figure who everyone is willing to 
greet. 
When I think of this point, Roxy's baek looks so reliable. 
She knows where to go, and they mutually know her. 
If I reeeive any unwanted eomments, she will definitely defend me. 
Haah, I ean't believe that I find this young girl, who peeked at the events in the 
master bedroom, to be so reliable. 
Thus, my body's tension fades away. 
[Kalajav's mood is pretty good. It's feeling happy that Rudei is riding it.] 
Kalajav is the horse's name. 
Of eourse, I ean't read a horse's mood. 
[Is that so.] 
I replied nonehalantly as I leaned baekwards, the baek of my head hitting Roxy's flat 
ehest. 
How eomfortable. 
What exaetly am I afraid of. 
This is sueh a peaeeful village. Who will bully me? 
[Are you still seared?] 
She asks and I shake my head. 
I am not afraid of other people's gazes anymore. 
[No, I'm fine already.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
128 
Chapter 6 - Reason for Respeet 
[See, it's just like I said.] 
My heart has more breathing spaee. 
The surroundings enter my eyes. 
Fields and houses, like stars in the sky, streteh out into the distanee. 
The feeling of a village. 
I ean see a eonsiderable number of people within this huge radius. If they are more 
paeked up, it might possibly turn into a small town. 
If there were windmills, it might possibly let people think of Switzerland. 
Ah, there are water mills. 
After relaxing, I beeome eonseious of the silence for a while. I have never 
experienced this kind of silence when I was with Roxy in the past. 
I have never tried to stick so closely to her. Even though it's not unbearable, it is 
embarrassing. 
So I decide to strike up a conversation. 
[Sensei, what does this field grow?] 
[It's mainly Asura's wheat, the component for bread. There are also small amounts 
of green vegetables and Bardius flowers. Bardius flowers can be refined into spices 
in the capital. The rest are ingredients for the dining table.] 
[Ah, that's green chili. Sensei is unable to eat that.] 
[N-not unable to eat it. I'm just not used to it.] 
I ask question after question. 
Today, Roxy said that this is the last test. 
That is to say, her working as a home tutor is about to end. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
129 
Chapter 6 - Reason for Respeet 
Roxy is an impatient person. Sinee today is the final day, it is possible that she will 
leave this house tomorrow. 
Today is the last day. Let's talk a bit more. 
But I ean't find anything interesting to talk about. I ean only keep asking things about 
the village. 
Based on Roxy's deseriptions, this village's name is Buina, and it is part of the 
northern Asuran Kingdom's Fedoa region. 
There are about 30 families here, mainly farmers. 
My father Paul, is the delegated knight of this village. 
His duty is to observe the farmers' situation, to be the mediator for the village's 
quarrels, and to defend the village from magieal ereatures. Sueh is his job. 
In other words, a reeognized bodyguard of the kingdom. 
But even if that's the ease, this village has a rotation of youths in eharge of seeurity. 
So when Paul finishes his rounds in the morning, he stays at home in the afternoon. 
It's basieally a peaeeful village, so there's nothing mueh to do. 
As we finished these topies, the fields around us gradually thinned. 
I didn't have anything more to ask, and the silenee went on for a period of time. 
Approximately another hour passed. 
There aren't any fields surrounding us anymore. We have arrived in a eompletely 
untouehed grassland area. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
130 
Chapter 6 - Reason for Respeet 
Part 4 
This is the kind of grassland that stretches towards the horizon. 
No, at the furthest one can barely see some hints of a mountainous area. 
At least this scenery can't be seen in Japan. 
It gives me a feeling that there is a place like this in a textbook, like the Mongolian 
grasslands. 
[It should be fine if we are here.] 
Roxy directs the horse to a lone tree and ties the reins onto it. 
Then she carries me down from the horse. 
We are finally face-to-face. 
[I'm going to use the saint ranked water attack magic. Cumulonimbus. This 
technique is a magic that creates lightning strikes with violent rain.] 
[Yes.] 
[Please copy what I do.] 
Using a saint ranked water magic. 
So it is this. The content of the final test. 
Roxy is about to use her biggest spell. If I'm capable of learning it, she will not have 
anything more to teach me. 
[Because I'm only demonstrating. I'll just maintain the spell for a minute before 
dismissing it, and then.You pass if you can make the rain last for an hour.] 
[Is it because it's a secret technique that you only did it in a deserted location?] 
[No, I'm worried that people will get hurt or the farmers' crops get damaged.] 
Oh. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
131 
Chapter 6 - Reason for Respeet 
It's rain at a natural disaster level? 
That's quite amazing. 
[I'm starting.] 
Roxy raises her hands to the skies. 
[Oh great water spirit, the son of the lightning emperor who aseended to the skies!! 
Fulfill my wishes, rain down your feroeious blessings, and show me your strength 
to this tiny existenee! Let your godly hammer strike the anvil, and demonstrate your 
authority, and devour the earth with water!! Ah, the rain!! Destroy and wash 
everything away!! 
[TCumulonimbus!!]] ] 
She ehants every word out like an aria. 
It lasts over a minute. 
The surroundings turn dark immediately when the ehanting ends. 
A few seeonds later.heavy rain falls from the sky. 
Violent winds spring up around us as lightning appeared in the midst of the dark 
elouds. 
Among the sounds of the waterfall-like rain, streaks of purple lightning ran through 
the elouds, eausing loud booms. 
The eleetrieity in the elouds slowly beeomes stronger. 
The lightning eontinues to grow, as if to make the light beeome stronger. 
.It strikes the earth. 
Krash!! 
And it strikes the tree. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
132 
Chapter 6 - Reason for Respeet 
My eardrums are buzzing and my eyes are in spirals. 
I almost fainted. 
[Ah!!] 
This is the sound Roxy utters when she makes a mistake. 
The elouds disperse in an instant. 
The lightning and rain stop. 
[Uwawa.] 
Roxy faee turns green as she ran towards the tree. 
I look over in her direetion. The horse that we brought has eollapsed with smoke 
rising from it. 
Roxy brings her hand over to the horse and begins ehanting. 
[Oh mereiful mother of gods, please heal this one's wounds, and let him reeover with 
a healthy body [fEXHealingJ] .] 
Roxy uses the intermediate ranked healing magie in a panie, and after a while, the 
horse wakes up. 
Looks like it's not dead. 
Intermediate ranked healing magie eannot bring the dead baek to life. 
The horse shows a frightened expression, and Roxy's forehead breaks out eold sweat. 
[Phew, phew.That was dangerous.] 
This horse is the only horse our family has. 
Paul takes great eare of it everyday, and would sometimes ride it outside far away 
with a smile... 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
133 
Chapter 6 - Reason for Respeet 
Even though it's not a famous breed, it is Paul's long-time eompanion. One might 
even say that his love for the horse is just below his love for Zenith. Sueh is the 
importanee of this horse. 
Of eourse, Roxy, who has lived with us for 2 years, knows it. 
I also know that Roxy witnessed Paul being in a tranee while elinging onto the 
horse's baek and was surprised by it. 
[Please, keep this a seeret?] 
Roxy says in a half-erying voiee. 
She's a little elumsy. 
But she works hard. I also know that she stays up late into the night to prepare my 
lessons. 
I also know that she doesn't want to be looked down on beeause of her young age, 
and always tries to present herself with dignity. 
I really like that appearanee. 
If there wasn't sueh a large differenee in age, I would like to marry her. 
[Don't worry, I won't tell father.] 
[Uuuu.Please do so.] 
If only we met at the same age. 
[Uuu.] 
Even though Roxy is in a half-erying state, she quiekly shakes her head, slaps her 
eheek, looks at me with a solemn expression. 
[Then, please go ahead and try. I will take eare of Kalajav.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
134 
Chapter 6 - Reason for Respeet 
The horse still shows an afraid expression and is ready to run away at any time now, 
but Roxy elings to it tightly with her body and reins it in. 
Even though I feel that she is unable to restrain it, the horse slowly ealms down. 
Roxy maintains her position and starts ehanting something. 
And then the the two of them are eovered by earthen walls. 
A fortress made of earth is eompleted quiekly. 
This is the advaneed ranked earth magie. Earth Eortress. 
With this, it should be fine even if they reeeive lightning strikes. 
Alright, time to start. 
Let me think what the ehant is. 
[Oh great water spirit, the son of the lightning emperor who aseended to the skies!! 
Eulfill my wishes, rain down your feroeious blessings, and show me your strength 
to this tiny existenee! Let your godly hammer strike the anvil, and demonstrate your 
authority, and devour the earth with water!! Ah, the rain!! Destroy and wash 
everything away!! 
ITCumulonimbus!!]] ] 
I say it all in one shot. 
The elouds start to gather. 
At the same time, I understood [TCumulonimbus J] . 
Creating elouds somewhere in the middle stratosphere along with eomplex 
movements to form storm elouds. It's probably something like that. 
If mana isn't poured into the formation, the elouds will stop forming and dissipate. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
135 
Chapter 6 - Reason for Respeet 
(Never mind about the mana, it's too tiring to raise your hands for 1 hour.) 
No, wait. 
A magieian requires a spirit of ereativity and researeh. 
Do you really need to maintain the posture like eolleeting Genki[22i for an hour? 
That's right, this is a test. 
It isn't about maintaining the same position, but about using melded magie after 
ereating the elouds to sustain them. 
I almost fail to think of it. The things I've learned are about to be used. 
[Let me think. I saw it before on television. The proeess of how elouds form.] 
There are still some of the elouds that Roxy made earlier. 
It's something about how water evaporation spirals up. To ereate a eertain rising air 
flow, you need to let the bottom part beeome warm, or something like that. 
And I need to ensure that the upper seetion ean be quiekly eooled down.... 
When I try to do this, half of my mana is aetually taken away. 
But if it's done this way, then it should be able to maintain itself for more than an 
hour. 
While looking at the rainstorm, I enter the fortress made by Roxy with satisfaetion. 
Roxy is sitting in the dark eorner, her hands holding onto the horse's reins. 
She sees me and nods. 
[This fortress will disappear after an hour, so you ean stop the magie before then.] 
[Okay.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
136 
Chapter 6 - Reason for Respeet 
[Don't worry. Kalajav is fine.] 
[Okay.] 
[Don't keep saying okay. You need to eontrol the elouds outside seriously for an 
hour.] 
Hm? 
[Do I need to eontrol it?] 
[Hm? Did I say something strange?] 
[But is there a need to eontrol it?] 
[Of eourse. saint ranked water magie is also magie. If you don't sustain it with mana, 
the wind will blow it away.] 
[But I already made it so that it ean't be blown away.?] 
[Huh? What.!?] 
Roxy, who seems to have notieed something, runs out of the fortress. 
The fortress immediately falls apart. 
Hey hey, aren't you going to eontinue eontrolling it? 
The horse will get buried alive. 
[Arara.] 
I quiekly take over and walk outside. 
Roxy stares blankly at the skies. 
[.Is that so, the spiraling tornado will bring the elouds upwards....!!] 
The skies are filled with the ever-growing elouds that I ereated. 
I think I did a pretty good job. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
137 
Chapter 6 - Reason for Respeet 
I watehed a random show in the past that used seienee to explain the proeess behind 
huge tornadoes. 
Even though I ean't really remember its eontents. 
I just tried it relying on my instinet, and in the end I seem to have done it pretty well. 
[Rudei. You pass.] 
[Eh? But it hasn't been an hour?] 
[There's no need to wait. It's enough if you did this mueh. But ean you make it 
disappear?] 
[Ah, yes. Although I need a bit of time.] 
I lower the temperature at the bottom part of the storm while inereasing the 
temperature of the top. Then I ereate an air flow towards the ground before finally 
using wind magie to foreibly blow the elouds away. 
Roxy and I are eompletely soaked by the time I'm done with it. 
[Congratulations. The you right now is at the Water-Saint ranked.] 
The bishoujo in front of me with water dripping from her fringe announees it to me 
with a rarely seen smile. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
138 
Chapter 6 - Reason for Respeet 
The me who had never aehieved anything in life has finally aeeomplished 
something. 
A strange sensation seems to spread aeross my abdomen. 
I know this feeling. 
It's a sense of fulfillment. 
I finally feel it in this moment, that this is my [First step] after eoming to this world. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
140 
Chapter 6 - Reason for Respect 
Part 5 
On the second day, Roxy, who hasn't changed in the past 2 years, packs up her 
luggage and stands in front of the gates. 
My parents didn't change too much either since Roxy came. 
I am the only one who has grown taller. 
[Roxy, it's fine if you want to continue staying in our home. There are many things 
I haven't cooked for you....] 
[That's right. Even if your job as a home tutor is over, you have done many things 
for us last year. The people from the village will definitely welcome you.] 
My parents are trying to keep Roxy. 
Somewhere along the way, Roxy and my parents have become close. 
Well, she's always free from the afternoon to the evening. If she did something every 
day, she should be able to get a lot of contacts. 
A thing unlike a protagonist who has to do a lot of things, otherwise their stats won't 
change. 
[No. Thank you for saying this, but this situation has let me realize my weakness. I 
will tour the world and polish up my magic skills.] 
She seems to have received a shock after I caught up with her in rank. 
She told me in the past how she hated students surpassing the teacher. 
[Is that so. Here, what can I say. My apologies, it seems our son has made you lose 
confidence.] 
Paul, what the heck are you saying. 
[No, this event has made me learned not to be too full of myself. I'm actually grateful 
for this.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
141 
Chapter 6 - Reason for Respeet 
[It's okay to be proud of yourself if you ean use saint ranked water magie.] 
[I understand that even if you don't rely on that, if you base it on ereativity, then you 
ean eome up with even stronger magie.] 
Roxy smiles bitterly while stroking my head. 
[Rudei. Even though I tried my best, I am unable to teaeh you at my eurrent level.] 
[This isn't true. Sensei gave me many things.] 
[I'm satisfied if you say that.Ah, right.] 
Roxy searehes her mantle with her hand and pulls out something tied with a ribbon.] 
[Congrats on your graduation. Beeause I didn't have time to prepare, take this and 
bear with it.] 
[This is.?] 
[Migurd's proteetion amulet. If you meet up with a hostile demon, you ean present 
this with my name and probably eommunieate better.probably.] 
[I will treat it with eare.] 
[It's only a possibility. Don't believe in it too mueh.] 
Roxy smiles at the very end and sets off. 
I don't know when my tears started flowing. 
She really gave me a lot. 
Knowledge, experienee, teehnique. 
If I didn't meet up with her, I might still be studying ineffieiently with my hand 
holding onto the magie textbook. 
And most importantly, she brought me out. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
142 
Chapter 6 - Reason for Respeet 
To the outside world. 
Merely that. 
Roxy brought me out. 
This event earries an important meaning. 
Roxy only eame to this village for 2 years. 
Roxy, who didn't know how to eommunieate well with others. 
As a person from a demon raee, Roxy eouldn't have been treated well by the 
villagers. 
It wasn't Paul or Zenith, but Roxy who brought me out to the world. This important 
meaning. 
She only brought me outside of the village. 
But the thought of just taking a step outside the gate was definitely a shadow within 
my heart. 
And she eured it. 
Just passing through the village. 
My heart has been released and freed from the darkness. 
She didn't have the intention to make me beeome a better person. 
But it is undeniable that she dispelled my heart's shadow. 
I took another step outside the gates yesterday when we got drenehed. 
There is only the ground. 
The normal ground. 
I'm not shivering. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
143 
Chapter 6 - Reason for Respeet 
I ean finally walk outside. 
She did something no one else had done. 
Not even my parents or siblings did it in my past life. 
She did it. 
Taking on the responsibility to give me eourage without any rebuke. 
She did not do it eonseiously. 
I understand that. 
She did it for herself. 
I know that. 
But I still respeet her. 
I respeet the small girl. 
I swear it in my heart to respeet her until her figure disappears. 
My hands are holding onto the staff and amulet that Roxy gave me. 
As well as the various knowledge she taught me. 
I suddenly remember. 
The panties that hadn't been washed and were stolen from Roxy are still in my room. 
I'm sorry. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
144 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
Part 1 
I deeided to try going out. 
It wasn't easy for Roxy to bring me out. This shouldn't be wasted. 
[Dad. Can I go out to play?] 
On a particular day, I asked Paul while carrying a botanical encyclopedia. 
Kids around this age will run off to unknown places in the blink of an eye. 
Even though I won't go very far away, not telling someone will make my parents 
worry. 
[Outside? To play? Not in the courtyard?] 
[Yes.] 
[0-ohh. Of course.] 
He easily agrees. 
[Come to think of it, there wasn't really any personal time given to you. We made 
arbitrary decisions to let you learn magic and sword techniques at the same time, but 
playing is also important for a child.] 
[I'm grateful to have met a great teacher.] 
I actually thought Paul was a very strict person in regards to education, but in reality 
he has a tender side to his thinking. 
I even considered the possibility of being requested to train my sword techniques for 
the entire day. What a waste of my efforts. 
Even though he's a person who belongs to the instinctive side, he's not the "if there's 
a will, there's a way" type. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
145 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
[Come to think of it, you aetually want to go outside, hm. I always felt your body 
was weak in the past. Time passes by really quiekly.] 
[Did you eonsider my body to be weak?] 
This is the first time I've heard of it. I haven't eaught any illnesses. 
[Beeause you didn't ery at all when you were young.] 
[Is that so. Well, isn't it good there's nothing wrong? You raised a eute and robust 
kid, heh.] 
I show a funny faee to Paul, and he smiles wryly at me. 
[You're aetually making me worry when you're not aeting like a kid.] 
[Whieh part are you unsatisfied with when your eldest son is reliable?] 
[No, nothing really.] 
[It's okay if you edueated me with an unsatisfied expression to beeome a worthy 
sueeessor to the Greyrat family.] 
[I ean say without pride that your dad is a wild ehild who only thinks of flipping 
girls' skirts all day long.] 
[Flipping skirts hmm?] 
This world also has it? 
This guy, aetually saying that he's a wild ehild. 
[If you want to be worthy of the Greyrat's name, bring a girlfriend baek.] 
What? We're that type of family? 
Aren't we proteeting the borders? Aren't we lower ranked nobility? 
There aren't any formalities or anything? No, in any ease we're only lower ranked. 
Then let it be that way. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
146 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
[I got it. Then, I'll go to the village to find a plaee where I ean flip skirts.] 
[Ah, you must treat girls nieely. Also, don't be haughty beeause you're strong and 
eapable of using magie. The strength of a male doesn't exist for the purpose of 
putting on airs.] 
Oh, that was well said. 
Indeed, indeed, I really want to let my past brothers listen to that too. 
That's right, just using brute force to do things is pointless. 
Paul said it very well. I'm also a logical person. 
[I understand Dad. The purpose of being strong is to act cool in front of girls!] 
[.No, it's not like that.] 
Eh? The topic isn't going towards that direction? 
Oops. Hehe. 
[I'm just kidding. It exists to protect the weak right?] 
[Mmmm, that's right.] 
As we finish talking about this, I place the botanical encyclopedia under my arm and 
stick the rod Roxy gave to me on my waist. As I prepare to depart, I suddenly 
remember something and turn my head. 
[Ahh, that's right. Dad, I will go out from time to time in the future, but I'll tell 
someone if I go out and I won't miss my daily sword and magic practice. I'll come 
back before dusk and I won't go to dangerous places.] 
[Ah.Hoh.] 
I'll make things clear just in case. 
Paul suddenly becomes speechless. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
147 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
Aetually, these are supposed to be your lines right? 
[Well, I'm heading out.] 
[.Be eareful on the road.] 
Just like that, I walk out of the gate. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
148 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
Part 2 
After a few days. 
The outside isn't scary. It's smooth. I even manage to cheerfully greet the people who 
pass by. 
Everyone knows me too. Paul and Zenith's kid. Roxy's disciple. 
I'll introduce myself to the people I meet for the first time. I'll say hello to the people 
I meet the second time. Everyone replies to me with a smile on their face too. 
It has been such a long time since I felt so relaxed. 
More than half of the reason for this is due to Paul and Zenith's fame. The rest is 
thanks to Roxy. 
These are basically Roxy's efforts. 
I'll take good care of the divine artifact (panties). 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
149 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
Part 3 
Well now. 
The goal of going out is to rely on my own feet and memorize the surroundings' 
geography. 
If I memorize it, I won't be lost even if I suddenly get chased out from home. 
At the same time, I wanted to investigate the plants. 
Incidentally, I have the botanical encyclopedia and I can identify what's edible and 
what's not, as well as differentiate between medicinal and poisonous plants.It's 
good to identify them. 
That way, even if I'm chased out from home I won't get hungry. 
Roxy just gave me a rough idea about the village plants, wheat, vegetables, and 
ingredients for creating perfume. 
The ingredient for creating the perfume are flowers from the plant named Bardius, 
which resembles lavender. 
A faint purplish color, and also edible. 
With emphasis on eye-catching plants, I compare the plants I see with the botanical 
encyclopedia. 
But the village isn't very big, so there aren't many varieties of plants. 
After a few days, my routes have become broader, and I started moving in the 
direction to the forest. 
There are many types of plants in the forest. 
[Based on rumors, it is more dangerous inside the forest because mana tends to 
gather there easily.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
150 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
The areas where mana tends to gather easily will have a higher ehanee of ereating 
magieal ereatures. 
This is beeause ereatures will undergo sudden ehanges due to the mana. 
Though I don't know why mana gathers inside the forest easily. 
But this area has very few magieal creatures here since the village will hunt them 
periodically, making it safer. 
Magical Creature Hunting is exactly as the words mean. 
Every month, knights, hunters, and the self-patrolling team of men will go out in full 
force to enter the forest and clear them out. 
But it is said that deep inside the forest, there might be the possibility of a fearsome 
magical creature. 
Even though I know magic and have some form of fighting strength. I'm still a NEET 
who has never fought before. 
I can't be arrogant. 
I don't have actual combat experience. It would be terrible if I made a mistake 
because of complacency. 
I have seen a lot of people dying like that.in manga. 
Also, I'm not a hot-blooded person. I feel that avoiding fights is the best. 
If I see any creature. I'll run to Paul and report it. 
I'll do just that. 
I climb up a small hill as I think. 
There's a huge solitary tree that stands high above. 
It's the biggest tree around here. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
151 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
I am planning to eheek out what sort of trees here are the biggest. 
And at this moment. 
[Demons shouldn't stay here!] 
The voiee earries along with the wind. 
It reminds me of a hated memory. 
The kind that made stay home as a NEET. 
As well as the nightmarish time when I had the niekname, "Uneireumeised Dong". 
And this voiee greatly resembles the voiee that used to eall me that. 
Clearly distinet voiees belonging to bullies. 
[Get lost!!] 
[Eat this!] 
[I managed to hit!] 
I take a look over and find the field that turned into a marsh-like area from the reeent 
rainy days. 
In the field, I see 3 mud-covered kids throwing mud at a small boy. 
[You get 10 points if you hit the head!] 
[Okay!] 
[I got it! I got it!] 
Woah. This is really irritating. Bullies spotted. These delinquents feel that it's fine 
to do anything to the lower ranked people in society. Buying air guns and shooting 
at them. It's clearly stated that you can't shoot at humans. They don't even treat them 
as humans. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
152 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
You ean't treat them as humans. 
And talking about that small boy, it would be fine if he runs away quiekly, but I don't 
understand why he's taking his sweet time. 
I take another look at him, and finally realize that he's earrying something like a 
basket in front of his ehest, hugging it to proteet it from the mud. 
Thus, he's unable to avoid the attaeks from the bullies. 
[He's earrying something!!] 
[The demon's treasure!!] 
[He must have stolen it from somewhere!!] 
[Hitting it gets 100 points!!] 
[Steal the treasure!!] 
As I run towards the bullying boys, I ereate a mud ball using magie. The instant I'm 
within firing distanee, I throw it with all my strength. 
[Wah!] 
[What's wrong!?] 
I hit the faee of the one who looks like the leader. 
[Oueh, it went into my eyes.] 
[What are you doing!!] 
[Get lost if it doesn't eoncem you!!] 
[Are you trying to beeome the ally of the demon raees!!] 
The target ehanged to me in an instant. 
This is the same no matter what world it is. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
153 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
[I'm not the ally of the demon raees. I'm the ally of the weak.] 
I said with pride, but the young boys feel they are standing on justiee's side. 
[What the heek are you aeting eool for!!] 
[You're the kid from that knight, right!!] 
[The nobles' "young master," hah!!] 
Arara, this is bad. My identity has been divulged. 
[Do you really think it's good for a knight's kid to do this!!] 
[I'll tell other people the knights have beeome allies with the demon raees!!] 
[Tell our brothers to eome now!!] 
[Brother!! There's a strange person here!!] 
The kids use Call For Allies! 
But it isn't effeetive at all. 
However, my legs are trembling! 
Gosh, even though it's 3 people on the other side, the faet that my legs went weak 
beeause of the kids' shouting is really too embarrassing. 
Is this the result of being bullied into a NEET. 
[S-shut up! You're the worst for bullying 1 person when you have 3!] 
They showed a [Huh-?] expression. 
A-annoying. 
[You're the one who's annoying, what are you shouting for, idiot!!] 
Beeause I'm angry, I throw a ball at them. It misses. 
[Idiot!!] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
154 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
[Where did this guy piek up mud from!!] 
[Who eares, just throw back at him!!] 
I'm treated with thrice the retaliation. I rely on what Paul had taught and use my 
magic to avoid them all elegantly. 
[I c-can't hit him!!] 
[Why are you evading!!] 
Hahaha, it's nothing special if you can't hit me! 
They keep throwing for a while, but after realizing they can't hit me, they stop as if 
they were finding it boring. 
[Ah~ahh! This is boring!!] 
[Let's go!!] 
[I'll tell others that the knight's kid has become an ally of the demon races!!] 
We didn't lose. We only got tired of playing. 
Leaving this line of argument behind, the 3 brats walk to the other side of the wheat 
field. 
Success! I won against bullies for the first time in my life! 
W-well, it's nothing much to be proud of. 
Well, come to think of it. I'm still not good at fighting. It's great that it didn't turn 
into a fight. 
[Hey, are you alright? Are your things fine?] 
In any case, I turn my head back to look at the young boy who was thrown at. 
[Wooah.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
155 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
There's a bishounen who makes people think he's not of the same age. 
Hair slightly too long for a ehild, seulpted-like nose, small eute lips, pointed ehin. 
His poreelain-like skin-along with an expression like a frightened rabbit, ereates 
an indeseribable aesthetie beauty to him. 
Damn. If Paul was more of a bishounen, then maybe I would also. 
No, Paul isn't bad. Zenith is also very good-looking. 
This faee has no problems. 
Compared to the previous faee that was full of fat eellulose, there's absolutely no 
problem. 
Definitely, yup. 
[Urn.Urn.... rmf-fine....] 
The young boy shows me a weak expression. 
He's almost like a small animal, making people feel like there's a need to proteet it. 
This is an instant hook to any shotaeon onee-san if they saw him. 
But he's dirtied by mud everywhere now. 
Mud is everywhere on his elothes. Half of his faee is eovered with mud, and his hair 
has been turned into the eolor of mud too. 
It is a miraele that he managed to proteet the basket. 
There's no ehoiee. 
[Put the things down and kneel beside the drain over there for a while.] 
[Eh.? Eh.?] 
Even though he is bewildered, I don't know why he still followed the order. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
156 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
As if he is unable to go against any orders. 
Well, if he was able to go against orders, he would have retaliated just now. 
The young boy goes down on all fours and faees toward the drain. 
If any shotaeon onii-ehan saw that, he would have definitely done something that is 
illegal.. 
[Close your eyes.] 
I adjust the temperature of the water to appropriate level with fire magie. 
I ereate warm water at around 40 degrees. 
And pour it over the young boy. 
[Waah!!] 
I grab the panieking young boy's neck and wash clean the mud from his hair. 
Even though he resisted at the start, after he got used to the temperature, he quietens 
down. 
His clothes.Well, it's better to wash it at home. 
[Alright, this should be enough.] 
After washing the mud off, I use fire magic to create a hot wind like a hair-dryer as 
I use a handkerchief to carefully wipe the young boy's face. 
Along with Elf-like long ears, his emerald-colored hair also appear before me. 
The moment I saw the color, I remember Roxy's words. 
[Absolutely do not approach the race with emerald-colored hair.] 
Erm? 
No, there's something slightly different. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
157 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
I remember it's. 
[To those with emerald eolored hair with a mby-eolored stone on their forehead, do 
not approaeh them.] 
Yup, that's right. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
158 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
The raee that has a ruby-eolored stone on their forehead. 
The young boy has a big forehead with a beautiful white eolor. 
OK, it's safe. 
He's not from the dangerous Supard raee. 
[T.... Thanks.] 
I eome baek to my senses after he thanks me. 
Hey, hey, that made me jump a little. 
I give eoneeited adviee to him with the slight intent of venting my embarrassment. 
[Hey you. If you don't fight baek they will always eome after you.] 
[I ean't win.] 
[The most important thing is to have the will to fight baek.] 
[But they are always bigger kids.I'm seared of pain.] 
I see. 
If he resists, they will eall other people to eompletely foree him into submission? 
This is eertainly the same in any world. 
Beeause of Roxy's efforts, the adults aeeept the demon raees, but ehildren are 
different. 
Sometimes they are ineredibly eruel. 
If anyone is slightly different, they will rejeet them. 
[It must be hard on you. Beeause your hair eolor resembles that of the Supard raee, 
you got bullied.] 
[Are y-you fine with it.?] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
160 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
[It's beeause my teaeher is also from a demon raee. What raee are you from?] 
Roxy said the Migurd raee is elose to the Supard raee. 
Perhaps he is also something like that. 
I ask him with this line of thought, but the young boy shakes his head. 
[.I don't know.] 
Hmm, you don't know? 
Perhaps it's beeause of his age? 
[What's your father's raee?] 
[.He's half-human, half-elf.] 
[How about your mother?] 
[Human, but she has a little of a beast raee lineage.] 
Half elf and 1/4 of a beast raee lineage? 
That is why he has this kind of hair.? 
When I am thinking it through, the young boy's eyes fill with tears. 
[.So, even though my father says.I'm not from a demon raee.but, my hair 
eolor, is different from my father and mother's....] 
I eomfort him by stroking his head. 
But it's also a big problem if the hair eolor is different. 
There's the possibility of his mother eommitting adultery with another guy. 
[The only differenee is the hair eolor?] 
[.My ears, are longer than father's.] 
[I see....] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
161 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
Green haired, long-ear magieal raees.it eould be possible that anywhere has that. 
Hmm, even though I don't want to ask too mueh about another person's home, I'm 
also a bullied ehild, so it's best to help him. It's too sad if he gets bullied just beeause 
of his hair eolor. 
The faet I got bullied is partly my fault. 
But this young boy is different. Reinearnating and then relying on himself is 
impossible. 
He has been pelted with mud beeause his hair eolor is slightly green sinee birth. 
Uuuu.just thinking of that makes me frightened enough to pee. 
[Is your father niee to you?] 
[.Yes. Even though he's seary when he's angry, he won't get angry if I listen to 
him.] 
[Is that so. How about your mother?] 
[She's very gentle.] 
Hoh. From his voiee, his parents are very loving toward him. 
No, you ean't really be elear about these things. 
[Alright, let's go.] 
[.Go, go where?] 
[I'll follow you.] 
Following the kid will allow me to see his parents. It's super logieal. 
[.W-why do you want to follow me?] 
[Well you see, those guys might eome back. Let me escort you. Are you going back? 
Or do you want to send this basket somewhere?] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
162 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
[I'm sending food.to father....] 
His father is half-elf? 
When it eomes to elves in story books, they are long-lived, solitary, and arrogant to 
other raees. They are well-versed in archery and magic, especially water and wind 
magic. With bona fide long ears. 
According to Roxy, [Basically the description fits, but they aren't really a race that's 
closed off.] 
Just as expected, are the elves beautiful in appearance? No, elves being beautiful is 
merely Japanese imagination. In Western games, they are frail-looking and don't 
really look that pretty. There are some cultural differences in our countries. 
Although, from looking at this boy, one would know that his parents must be a 
striking combination of charm. 
[May I ask.why are you protecting me?] 
The young boy stutters, with his actions seemingly raising a desire to protect him. 
[Because my father says it's a must to be an ally of the weak.] 
[But.you will get shunned by others.] 
That's true. 
If I help bullied people. I'll get bullied too — A common thing. 
[Then how about you play with me. From today onward, we're friends.] 
[Eh!?] 
So let's form a tag-team, yeah. 
Chain bullying usually happens after the helped party betrays its benefactor. The 
person who got help should take up responsibility and be grateful to the person who 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
163 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
helped. Although the eireumstances around this boy are different, there's a more 
deep-rooted reason to his bullying. I doubt he will betray me and join in the bullying. 
[Ah, do you need to help with housework?] 
[N-no.] 
I also need to listen to his opinions, but he shakes his head with a weak expression. 
His expression is just too amazing. He will absolutely hook onee-ehans with 
shotaeon tendeneies. 
Well this idea is pretty good. 
He will definitely be very popular among the girls with his faee. Then, if I'm with 
him, anyone who's left over might take notiee of me. Even though my faee isn't 
anything speeial, if we two guys stand together, we will look like a quality eateh. 
Any girls who are not so eonfident will ehange their target to me. 
I prefer them over the girls brimming with eonfidenee. 
It should work. Girls will move together with uglier ones to aeeentuate their beauty. 
I'm the opposite. 
[Syl...ph-] 
He quietly whispers, but I didn't really hear the latter half of it. Sylph, huh. 
[It's a great name. Just like the spirit of the wind.] 
As I say it. Sylph blushes and nods. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
164 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
Part 4 
Sylph's dad is also a bishounen. 
Long pointed ears, shining golden hair, and a little body without museles. He doesn't 
stain the reputation of a "Half-elf" in the slightest, and as a male he inherited the 
good points of the elves and the human race. 
He's standing on the top of the watch tower, his hand holding a bow while overseeing 
the forest. 
[Dad, this, bento.] 
[Ah, I'm always troubling you, Luffy. You didn't get bullied today?] 
[No, someone helped me.] 
Introduced by his eyes, I make a simple greeting. 
Luffy[23i is his nickname huh. Why is there a feeling that he will suddenly extend his 
limbs? 
If Sylph was so optimistic, he might not have been bullied. 
[I'm pleased to meet you. My name is Rudeus Greyrat.] 
[Greyrat.You're Paul's family?] 
[Yes. Paul is my father.] 
[Ohh, I heard of you. You're really a polite child. Oh, my apologies. I'm Rawls. I'm 
usually hunting in the forest.] 
According to him, this watch tower is meant to observe if any magical creatures 
come from the forest. It is manned 24 hours a day, patrolled by the men of the village. 
Paul also takes the shift, so Rawls has met up with him before, and the two of them 
have discussed their children with each other. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
165 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
[Our ehild appears this way beeause she resembles our ancestors a little. Please get 
along well with this child.] 
[Of course. Even if Sylph is from the Supard race, my attitude will not change. I 
swear upon my father's name.] 
After hearing that, Rawls utters a voice of admiration. 
[You understand about honor at such a young age.I'm envious of Paul having 
such an excellent child.] 
[Being excellent when one is young does not mean that one will continue to be 
excellent. It's not too late if you want to be envious. You can wait until Sylph grows 
up.] 
I also comfort Sylph at the same time. 
[I see.You're exactly as Paul described.] 
[.What did father say?] 
[He says he loses confidence as a father when he converses with you.] 
[Is that so. Well, I will do some wrong things from now on so he can give me a 
sermon.] 
The corner of my sleeves is pulled as I'm talking about this. When I look back, I see 
that Sylph is lowering his head while pulling on my sleeves. Is it too boring for a 
child when adults are talking? 
[Rawls-san. Can we play for a little while?] 
[Ah, of course. But don't approach the forest.] 
It isn't really necessary for this point to be said. 
But it's probably insufficient. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
166 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
[There's a really big tree up on the hill when we eame here. We will play over there, 
and I'll bring Sylph baek before the sun sets. But if you don't see us when you return 
home, then the possibility of us being in some form of trouble is very high, so please 
seareh for us then.] 
[Ah.Hah.] 
Well this is a world without handphones. Reports, eommunieations and diseussions 
must be held up. 
There is no possible way to eompletely avoid aeeidents. It is imperative to 
immediately take correetive aetions. 
Even though there is good national seeurity in this eountry, one wouldn't know what 
sort of dangers are lurking. 
Amidst Rawls' stunned gaze, we walk towards the big tree in the hills. 
[Well what should we play?] 
[D-don't know.I never played with f-friends before.] 
Sylph seems to be hesitating about the "friends" issue. He probably didn't have any 
friends before. 
How sad. Even though I don't have friends now either. 
[Hmm. Come to think of it. I'm also one who has stayed indoors until now. What 
shall we play?] 
Sylph fidgets with his hands and looks up to me by raising his head. 
I'm about the same height as he is, but he's bending his body while raising his head 
to look at me. 
[Erm, why do you ehange between I (BOKU) and I (ORE) from time to time?] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
167 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
[Hm? Ahh. It's impolite if you don't ehange your speeeh aeeordingly to mateh the 
person's position. It's neeessary to use polite speeeh towards someone with a higher 
position.] 
[Polite speeeh?][24] 
[It is what I did earlier.] 
[Hrm?] 
He doesn't seem to understand, but this is something that one will slowly learn. 
This is how one beeomes an adult. 
[Instead of this, about that earlier, teaeh me.] 
[That earlier?] 
Sylph blinks and uses his hands to explain. 
[The hot water that gushes out from your hands, and the hot wind that blows. That.] 
[Ah-. That.] 
The magie that I used to wash off the mud from him. 
[Is it hard?] 
[Even though it's hard, if you praetiee, anyone ean do it.probably.] 
The recent capacity of mana has increased so much that I don't know how much I 
have. Plus I'm not sure about the average mana capacity of the people here. 
Although, it is just using fire magic to heat up water. If it's not using voiceless 
incantations to create instant hot water, then anyone is probably able to replicate it 
using melded magic. So it should be fine. Probably. 
[Alright. From today onward we will have special training!!] 
Sylph and I played like this until dark. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
168 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
Part 5 
When I reach home, I find Paul in a bad mood. 
He's showing off an angry expression. Both of his hands are on his waist as he's 
standing in the veranda. 
Hm, did I screw something up? If I think about it, there's only the divine artifact that 
I carefully kept (panties) but had been discovered. 
[Dad, I'm home.] 
[Do you know why I'm angry?] 
[No.] 
Pretend that I don't know. If the pa.divine artifact isn't actually discovered, then 
I'm digging my own grave. 
[Just earlier, Mrs. Ada came to look for me. It seems that you hit her kid Somar.] 
Ada, Somar. Who? 
I begin to think of the names that I have never heard before. 
Basically, I only greeted others in this village. 
Announce my own name and the other people will say theirs too. Are there any 
among them who's named Ada? Feels like yes and no. 
Hm? Wait. 
[Is it about today?] 
[Yes.] 
I met Sylph, Rawls, and the 3 brats today. 
That means Somar is one of the 3 brats? 
[I didn't hit him. I only threw mud.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
169 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
[Do you remember what I said earlier?] 
[Being strong isn't for the purpose of being eool?] 
[That's right.] 
Oh hoh. 
I see. Come to think of it, those guys said they would announce that I had become 
the ally of the demon races. 
I'm not sure what sort of lies they hit me with, but in any case, they're directed at me. 
[I'm not sure what sort of rumors dad heard.] 
[No!! If you did something wrong, you must first apologize!!] 
I get scolded hard. 
I'm not sure what he heard, but he doesn't seem to suspect it. 
What a pain. In this situation, even if I say that I helped Sylph because they were 
bullying him, it will sound a lie. 
But I can only start from the beginning. 
[Actually, I was walking on my way.] 
[Don't find excuses!!] 
Paul's getting more and more impatient. Never mind lies, even my explanations 
won't get through. 
Even though it's okay to say sorry first, I don't think it's good for Paul. 
I don't want my younger brother or sister to meet such unfair treatment either. 
This style of education is not okay. 
[ . ] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
170 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
[What's the matter, why are you being quiet?] 
[Beeause anything I say is an exeuse for you to seold me.] 
[What did you say!?] 
Paul looks at me in fury. 
[Getting angry and foreing a ehild to apologize before saying anything, it really 
makes me envious that the adults' methods are so eonvenient and easy.] 
[Rudill] 
Paa, my faee reeeives a fiery strike. 
I got hit. 
But that is to be expeeted. Provoking someone will eertainly mean getting hit. Of 
eourse it will happen. 
So I stood firmly. I haven't been hit for nearly 20 years. 
No, I was beaten all over when I left the house, so that's 5 years. 
[Father, I have done everything I ean to be a good ehild. I have never betrayed my 
parents' lessons, and I have aeeomplished things with all my efforts.] 
[That has nothing to do with today, right?] 
Paul didn't expeet to hit me. 
He's obviously in eonfusion. 
Well, that's good. 
[No, it has everything to do with it. I have worked hard to gain father's trust and to 
have a peaee of mind, yet father doesn't listen to any of my explanations, trusts 
someone whom I have never met blindly, and then yells at me before finally hitting 
me.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
171 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
[But that kid Somar really did get hurt.] 
He did? 
That isn't something I did. Did he do it to himself? 
He might have done an aeeident faker stunt. 
But in any ease, it's sueh a pity. I'm the one with justiee on my side. 
It isn't a lie about falling down by aeeident. 
[Even if he got hurt beeause of me, I will not apologize. Sinee I have not betrayed 
Father's lessons, I ean even raise my ehest up to say that it was done by me.] 
[.Wait, what exaetly happened?] 
Oh, are you finally interested? Well, that's your deeision to not listen. 
[Didn't you refuse to hear any exeuses?] 
As I counter with my question, Paul displays a pained expression. It seems he needs 
another push. 
[Don't worry father. I will act as if I didn't see 3 people hitting a defenseless person. 
I might as well join them to make it 4 versus 1. I will even announce everywhere 
that bullying the weak is Greyrat's proud lessons. Then when I grow up. I'll leave 
home and not call myself a Greyrat anymore. Disregarding that kind of violence in 
both verbal and physical abuse, and continuing to allow it to happen, makes me feel 
ashamed to call myself a Greyrat.] 
Paul becomes speechless. 
His face turns green and then red, as if he is very conflicted. 
Is he angry? Or does he need another push? 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
172 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
Give it up Paul. I'm a 20+ year old guy who has eonstantly found exeuses to 
situations one eouldn't win. If there's the slightest opening, I ean debate things to a 
draw. 
Plus I'm eompletely in the right. 
You simply don't have any ehanee of winning. 
[.I'm sorry. It's father's mistake. Tell me about it.] 
Paul lowers his head to me. 
That's right. Pointless insistence will only make both parties unhappy. 
If you're wrong, just apologize. This is for the best. 
As my mood lightens up, I state things in detail to explain the incident. 
I heard voices as I climbed up the hill. 3 kids were throwing mud from the wheat 
field. After I threw mud at them twice and quarreled with them, they left after 
insulting us with a few lines. After that, I used magic to wash the kid clean and 
played with him. 
Something like that. 
[Then if there's a need to apologize, Somar should do it to Sylph first. It's easy for 
the wounds on a body to heal quickly, but it isn't for something done to the mind.] 
[.You're right. It's father's fault. I'm sorry.] 
Paul lowers his shoulders in defeat. 
I remember what Rawls said earlier today when I see him this way. 
[He seems to lose his confidence as a father when he converses with you.] 
It might be possible that Paul is trying to teach me a lesson to show his side as a 
father. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
173 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
Well, he only fails this onee. 
[There's no need to apologize. If you feel that I did something wrong, please seold 
me without reservations, but please listen to my explanations. Even if it doesn't 
explain enough or sounds like an exeuse, I would have something that I want to say. 
Please try to understand my thoughts.] 
[Aah. I will take notiee of it, but I don't think that you will actually make 
mistakes.] 
[Then treat it as an educational experience and use it on my future siblings.] 
[.Let's do that.] 
Paul's expression is completely full of defeat and self-mockery. 
Did I overdo it? Losing to a 5 years old kid. Mmm. I would be shocked too if it was 
me. 
This guy is still very young for a father. 
[Come to think of it, father, how old are you?] 
[Hm? 24 years old, what's the matter?] 
[I see.] 
Having me at 19 years old? 
Even though I don't know the average marrying age, if he's commonly having to face 
magical creatures or wars, it's kind of appropriate to marry at 19? 
A guy who's younger than me, marrying someone, and having to worry about his 
child's education. Honestly, which part of the 34 year-old me who's jobless, 
homeless, achievement-less, actually wins compared to him. 
Oh forget it. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
174 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
[Father, ean I bring Sylph here to play next time?] 
[Eh? Ahh, of eourse.] 
I enter the house as I'm satisfied with his reply. 
It is good that Paul doesn't diseriminate against the demon races. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
175 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
Part 6 
--Paul's point of view- 
My son got angry. 
He, who has never expressed himself much before, has a quiet fury within him now. 
How did things end up like this? 
The incident happened this afternoon when Mrs. Ada came to our home to make a 
huge fuss. 
She brought her child Somar, who has been touted as a horrible brat by others, and 
the comers of his eyes are bmised. As a swordsman, I had enough experience to see 
that it was the sign of being beaten. 
Mrs. Ada wasn't very clear, but in any case my son has hit Somar. 
Hearing this, I am actually relieved. 
It was probably Rudi wanting to join Somar and company to play. 
But my son is different from other children. He's a Water-Saint ranked magician at 
his young age. 
He must have arrogantly said something and got into a fight after being rebutted. 
Although my son is honest and smart, he still resembles a child in some areas. 
Mrs. Ada makes it seem like a great deal, but that's just a kids' quarrel. Based on 
what I see, that injury wouldn't leave a scar. 
I'll finish things with a few lines of scolding. 
Children will surely quarrel, but Rudi is more powerful than any other child. Besides 
being a disciple of the young Water-Saint ranked magician Roxy, he's also taught by 
me and trained his body since he was 3 years old. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
176 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
It would have been a one-sided affair. 
It should be okay if it's only today, but if he gets too emotional, he might overdo 
things. 
Plus, Rudi's so smart that he should be able to solve things without hitting Somar. 
I must teaeh him that fighting is a laek of thinking things through, and he needs to 
eonsider the aftermath before aeting. 
I need to be strieter here. 
But things didn't turn out the way I envisioned. 
My son didn't intend to apologize at all. 
Never mind about him apologizing, he's even looking at me like he's looking at a 
bug. 
Maybe from my son's point of view, it's a fight against numbers, but he needs to 
realize that the stronger you are, the more you need to be eonseious of your own 
strength. 
Furthermore, he even injured someone. In any ease. I'll let him apologize. He's really 
elever. Maybe he ean't aeeept it for now, but he will find an answer by himself sooner 
or later. 
While I thought of that and used a harder tone to seold him, he refuted me with a 
few sareastie remarks. 
I lost my temper to his provocation and hit him. 
Even though I wanted to teach him that the strong need to be conscious of their own 
strength and not use violence against the weak. 
I actually did it first. 
I was wrong earlier, but I am on the side as an educator so I can't apologize. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
177 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
Teaehing someone not to do what I just did - this argument simply doesn't hold 
water. 
While I'm ineoherent, my son went on to state he has done nothing wrong and said 
if it's not okay, he will leave this home. 
I nearly said the words, "then get lost", but I restrained myself. 
I have to restrain myself at this moment. 
I was the one who originally eouldn't bear my home's formal rules and my striet 
father's rebukes, before finally having a huge quarrel and leaving home. 
I inherited my father's blood. Inherited that stubborn, rigid father's blood. 
Rudeus is the same. 
Looking at this stubborn part, Rudeus is indeed my ehild. 
That day, when I was told to leave immediately, I eouldn't find a way out and really 
left home. Rudeus would probably leave too. Even though he said he will only leave 
after growing up, if I told him to leave, he would definitely leave immediately. We 
are alike in this aspeet. 
It seems that father fell siek not long after I left and died. I heard that he terribly 
regretted that day's quarrel. 
And to this ineident, I blamed myself. 
No, to be elear about this, I was drowning in regret. 
And right now, if I told Rudeus to leave, he would surely do so, and I would regret 
this. 
Both of us would regret this. 
Endure it. I must learn from experienee. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
178 
Chapter 7 - Friend 
Also, didn't I deeide it then? I won't beeome like my father. 
[.I'm sorry. It's father's fault. Please tell me.] 
I naturally apologized. 
And Rudeus's expression also relaxes, and he explains it lightly. 
Based on what he said, he ineidentally saw Rawls' kid being bullied, so he helped 
that kid. 
There wasn't any beating. He only threw mud, and there wasn't a fight at all. 
If what he said is true, then what Rudeus did is indeed something for him to be proud 
of. But instead of praising him, I didn't listen to his explanations and hit him. 
Ahh, I remember now. 
I had experienees like this when I was young. Father didn't listen to me and only 
pointed at my weakness. I was unhappy every time over this. 
What a failure. What's with, "It's a must to edueate him"? 
Hah. 
Rudeus didn't blame me, and even eonsoled me at the end. What an amazing son. Is 
this really my son.No, even among the people who Zenith might have had an 
affair with, there wasn't anyone who was so brilliant. 
Uuu, is my seed that good. 
Rather than saying I'm proud, I think my stomaeh is hurting. 
[Father, ean I bring Sylph over?] 
[Ah? Ahh, sure.] 
But I think I should be happy over my son's first friend. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
179 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
Part 1 
I'm 6 years old now. 
There isn't much change in my lifestyle. 
I practice sword techniques in the morning. If I'm free in the afternoon, I'll 
investigate my surroundings or practice magic techniques on the hill where the huge 
tree is at. 
Blasting wind to increase the speed of the sword, creating a shockwave to let my 
body sharply reverse in direction, forming quicksand to hinder the enemy's 
footsteps. 
Some people might think that sword techniques will not improve if they keep 
thinking of using dirty tricks. 
But I do not think of it that way. 
There are two ways to become good at fighting games. 
The first is to consider ways in which the weak can beat the strong. 
The second is to raise my abilities and train. 
Right now I'm thinking of the former. 
My goal is to beat Paul. 
Paul is very strong. Even though he's not mature enough as a father, he's first class 
as a swordsman. 
If I prioritize the 2nd method and wholeheartedly train my body, it's indeed possible 
to win sooner or later. 
I'm 6. After 10 years, I will be 16 and Paul will be 35. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
180 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
And after another 5 years, I will be 21 and Paul will be 40. 
There is no meaning if I win "sooner or later" in this fashion. 
If I beat an opponent past his prime, he would just give an exeuse like [Haah, if I 
was still in aetive duty...] 
There is only meaning if I beat the opponent at his peak eondition. 
Paul is 25 years old right now. 
Even though he has left aetive duty, his body is in peak eondition. I hope to win at 
least onee in the next 5 years. 
It will be in sword teehniques if possible. Otherwise, I'll mix it up with magie spells 
and fight in elose eombat. 
While I think about it, I train against Paul's image in my mind again today. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
181 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
Part 2 
If I go to the huge tree on the hill, I have a high chance of meeting Sylph. 
[Sorry, did you wait very long?] 
[No, I just arrived too.] 
After saying lines that are similar to those when a couple meet up, we start to play 
together. 
In the beginning, the Somar kid from earlier and the other brats would come running 
to us. In the midst of it, there were even upper grade primary school kids joining in, 
but they were all driven back. Every time, Somar's mother would come running to 
our home to make a huge fuss. 
I finally understood why. Even though Somar's mother claims to be talking about 
the kids' incidents, the truth is that she likes Paul. The kids' quarrels are just an 
excuse for her to come running to see him. What a silly thing. 
Somar probably feels very irritated as well every time he receives a graze and 
brought over to us. Looks like he's not trying to be an accident faker. It's quite 
embarrassing to suspect him of doing that. 
They have been driven back 5 times. 
They finally didn't come after one abrupt day as a checkpoint. They occasionally 
watch us play from afar, but they don't talk to us if we come across each other. 
They seem to have decided to completely ignore us. 
With this, the incident appears to be resolved, and the huge tree on the hill has 
become our territory. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
182 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
Part 3 
I began to teach him magic under the guise of playing. 
If he can control magic, then he should be able to fend off the brats by himself. 
In the beginning, Sylph could only release elementary ranked magic 5 or 6 times 
before running out of breath, but in the span of 1 year, his mana capacity has grown 
considerably. Even if he practiced magic for half a day, he would have no problems 
with it. 
[There's a limit to mana capacity]. 
There's very little truth to this line. 
But magic spells are a different thing. 
He is extremely weak in fire magic. He's very skillful in wind and water magic, but 
he's no good when it comes to fire magic. 
Why? Is it because of the Elven blood within him? 
No. 
I learned during Roxy's classes about the [specialized system] and [weak system]. 
If it's based on these words, everyone has their own specialized and weak systems. 
I once asked him, [Sylph, are you scared of fire?] 
Even though he replied with a [No.], when he showed me his palm, there was an 
ugly bum on it. 
When he was 3 years old and both of his parents were not paying attention, he 
grabbed a metal rod that was in the fireplace with his hand. 
[But I'm not scared of it anymore.] 
Even though he says that, he might fear it subconsciously. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
183 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
This experienee might affeet his weak system. 
If you eonsider the dwarves, there are many who have water as their weak system. 
The dwarves typieally stay near the mountainous areas, playing and having earth as 
their eompanion. When they grow up, they learn smithing from their fathers and live 
by digging mineral roeks as a livelihood, so their affinity is with fire and earth. 
However, their aetivities on the mountain will frequently be met with sudden hot 
springs, or floods eaused by huge rainfall, so they are espeeially weak with water. 
It's probably something like this, and not direetly related to raee. 
Just to add on, I don't have any weak systems. 
That's beeause I was raised up eomfortably. 
You don't really need to use fire to ereate warm winds and water. 
But teaehing him sueh eoneepts are troublesome, so I just let him learn fire magie. 
There's no disadvantage in being able to use fire anytime. Salmonella will be 
destroyed if you heat things up. One doesn't want to be poisoned to death from food, 
so they need to thoroughly eook it. 
If you use elementary magie to eure poison, most of the poisons ean be neutralized. 
Even though Sylph struggles with it, he doesn't eomplain and keeps on training. 
That's beeause he's the one who asked for it. 
Sylph, who's furrowing his forehead as he's using my rod (the one Roxy gave me) 
and my magie textbook (taken from home), looks really beautiful. 
Even a male like myself thinks that way. He will definitely be very popular in the 
future. 
(A jealous heart is a father's heart.ji^^i 
A voiee like that suddenly rings in my mind. I quiekly shake my head. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
184 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
No, no. Jealousy has no meaning. Plus, it should always be this strategy. 
Ikemen's fishing bait strategy. 
With Sylph as the big ikemen and me as the regular dude, women will floek to me, 
lalala. 
[Hey, Rudi. How do you read this?] 
As I sing in my mind. Sylph uses his finger to point at the opened page, looking up 
at me. 
That gaze is too powerful. Emergeney. It makes people want to hug and kiss him. 
Resist! 
[That's [f Snow avalaneheJ] .] 
[What does it mean?] 
[It refers to a huge quantity of snow that has been gathered on a slope. When the 
slope is unable to sustain its own weight, it eollapses. During the winter, there's snow 
that oeeasionally drops from the rooftop right? This is the bigger sized version.] 
[Is that so.Amazing. Have you seen it before?] 
[Snow Avalanehe? Of eourse.not.] 
I only saw it on television. 
I let Sylph study the text book. At the same time, I ean teaeh him how to read the 
book and write letters. Studying the language doesn't have any bad points. 
Even though I don't know what the literaey rate is in this world, it definitely wouldn't 
be like Japan's near 100% literaey rate. 
There is no magie spell that allows people to understand words in this world. 
The lower the literaey rate, the more important it is to know it. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
185 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
[I got it!!] 
Sylph makes a triumphant shout. I wateh him sueeeed at easting the the intermediate 
ranked magie, [flee pillarj] . A large iee pillar grew out from the earth, glowing 
under the sunlight. 
[You're very familiar with it now, hmm.] 
[Yup!!.But this book doesn't have what Rudi used?] 
Sylph tilts his head and asks. 
[Hm?] 
I remember as he talks about the spell that I used. It's about the ineident with the hot 
water. 
I flip the magie textbook and point at two plaees. 
[It's written in here. Waterfall and Heat Hands.] 
[ . ?] 
[Use them together.] 
[ . ?] 
He still tilts his head. 
[How do you ehant both at the same time?] 
Crap. I said it based on my instinets. That's right, it didn't deseribe how to ehant two 
different words at the same time. 
Now I ean't laugh at Paul for being an instinetive type. 
I demonstrated the voieeless ineantations while easting 2 magie spells at the same 
time. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
186 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
Sylph's eyes widen. Voieeless ineantations is eertainly elassified as a higher ranked 
skill in this world. Roxy is unable to do it, and it's also said that only 1 teaeher in the 
magie university is able to do it. 
So I shouldn't teaeh voieeless ineantation, but Roxy's melded magie spells. 
I personally don't think it's too diffieult, but aehieving similar results should be 
enough. 
[Teaeh me that.] 
["That" refers to?] 
[The one where you don't need to speak.] 
But Sylph doesn't think it that way. 
Of eourse, it appears that using 2 different magie spells at the same time is better 
than easting a single spell. 
Hmm.Well, if I really ean't teaeh him, then he will ehoose melded magie by 
himself. 
[Hmm, sure. Well, just use the same feeling when you're easting a magie spell. 
Gather the mana from your body to your finger tips and try easting the spell with 
ehanting to replieate the feeling. Onee you gather the mana, try to remember what 
spell you're using and squeeze it out from your hands. Try doing that. Start with 
water bullet.] 
Did I teaeh him well? 
I ean't explain it to him very well. 
Sylph eloses his eyes while uttering a [hmmm] sound, twisting his body like he's 
doing a funny danee. 
Trying to do something based on feeling is diffieult. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
187 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
Voieeless ineantation is proeessed in the mind, meaning that different people will 
have their own methods of doing it. 
I felt that foundations were important, so I let Sylph use ineantations to east magie 
for the whole year. 
As expeeted, it should be harder to use voieeless ineantations the more you use 
ehanting. It's like using your right hand to do things till now and then ehanging to 
your left. It's an extremely diffieult task to suddenly ehange. 
[I sueeeeded! I sueeeeded Rudi!!] 
But things didn't go the way I imagined. 
Sylph happily shouts and easts the water bullet spell repeatedly. 
Though he kept using ehanting, perhaps it was only for one year. Just like removing 
the training wheels from a bieyele. The sensitivity of a youth. Or was it Sylph's 
innate talent? 
[Good. Well then, let's try all the magie that you have learned using voieeless 
ineantation onee.] 
[Yeah!!] 
Well in any ease, it will be easier for me to teaeh if he knows how to use voieeless 
ineantations. 
That's beeause I'm letting him do what I do. 
[Hm?] 
Suddenly, rain started to drizzle down. 
I turn my head upwards. The skies have already been eovered with dark elouds. 
The next moment, heavy rain starts to fall. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
188 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
Usually I pay elose attention to the weather to ensure that we eould reaeh home 
before it rains, but I was eareless when Sylph managed to use voieeless ineantation. 
[Ah— ah, this rain is really heavy.] 
[Rudi, you ean make rain, so ean't you stop it?] 
[Even though I ean do that, we're already wet. Besides, the erops won't grow if they 
don't reeeive rainwater. I won't interfere with the weather unless there are eomplaints 
about the weather being terrible.] 
We run towards the Greyrat household while we talk. 
It's beeause Sylph's home is very far away. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
189 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
Part 4 
[I'm back] 
[S-sorry for disturbing.] 
As I enter the gate, I see the maid Lilia with a big towel standing at the door. 
[Welcome back, Master Rudeus.and your friend. Hot water has been prepared. 
Before you catch a cold, please go up to the 2nd floor and dry your bodies. Master 
and Madam will be back soon, and I need to help them prepare. Are you fine by 
yourself?] 
[No problem.] 
Lilia probably predicted that we would come back wet from the heavy rain. Even 
though she doesn't speak much, especially towards me, she's definitely a capable 
maid. Even if I don't tell her, she still takes another big towel out as she sees Sylph. 
We take off our shoes and walk barefooted, drying our hair and feet while climbing 
to the 2nd floor. 
As soon as I enter the room, I see a huge barrel containing hot water. In this world, 
never mind showers, there isn't even the culture of bathtubs, only using this to rub 
and wash the body. 
According to Roxy, there seem to be hot springs. 
Well, for me, who doesn't like to shower, this is enough. 
[Hm?] 
As I strip naked. Sylph seems to be fidgeting around while blushing. 
[What's wrong? If you don't take off your clothes, you will catch a cold, right?] 
[EH? Mmm, mm.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
190 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
But Sylph still doesn't move. Is he shy when taking his elothes off in front of 
others. 
Or does he not know how to take off his elothes by himself? It ean't be helped sinee 
he's only 6 years old. 
IHere, raise up your hands.] 
IBut.Erm.] 
I let Sylph raise both of his hands and take his shirt off. 
His white skin without any musele tone is revealed before me. When I try taking his 
pants off, he grabs my hands. 
IN-no.] 
Is he feeling bashful of being seen by others? 
I was the same when I was young. During kindergarten, I felt really embarrassed 
being seen by other kids of the same age when showering naked after swimming 
lessons. 
But Sylph's hands are eold. If this drags on, he will really eateh a eold. 
I foreefully take hold and pull on his pants. 
[S.Stop.] 
As I reaeh for his underwear, he hits me on the head. 
Sylph glares at me in tears as I look up. 
II won't laugh at you...] 
IN-not about that.N-NO.,!!] 
He is refusing earnestly. This is the first time I have seen him rejeeting so mueh. 
I feel a little shoeked. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
191 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
Is it something like that, a rule where elves eannot be seen naked? 
If it's something like that, then it's not good to foreefully strip him. 
[I got it, I got it. Then you must promise. You need to ehange afterwards. Wet 
underwear is really uneomfortable, and if you get too eold, you might hurt your 
stomaeh.] 
[Okay.] 
I let my hand go, and Sylph nods in tears. 
He's really eute. I really want to be in good terms with this eute kid. 
Suddenly, I feel like playing a prank on him in my heart. 
Isn't it unfair that I'm eompletely nude? 
[An opening!] 
I pull down his underwear in one stroke. 
Go!! The naked pendulum! 
[E.i. Nooo!] 
[.Eh?] 
Sylph sereams. 
The next instant, he eovers his body. 
At that moment, what entered into my eyes wasn't the eommonly seen pure short 
sword. 
Of eourse, it's not some ominously patterned dark blade. 
What was there. 
No, what wasn't there is- 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
192 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
.That's right. Nothing. 
There isn't the thing that should be there. 
I have seen it eountless time in my past. 
Sometimes there's mosaie, and sometimes there's none. That one day I would want 
to taste the real thing and let a blaek last white eannon paper handkerehief meet one 
day-that is something that I just saw.^ei 
Sylph is. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
193 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
He.is a she. 
My mind goes blank. 
Did I just do something that I ean't laugh away.? 
[Rudeus, what are you doing.] 
I vigorously snap my head baek. Paul's standing there. When did he eome baek? Did 
he run after he heard the seream? 
I don't move a musele. Paul doesn't move either. 
Sylph eollapses into a heap at the side, eompletely naked. 
And my hands are holding onto her underwear. 
My eute baby boy is exerting its feroeious youth. I have already gone into a situation 
beyond justifieation. 
The underwear from my hand drops onto the floor. 
There's heavy rain outside, but I ean only hear the underwear quietly falling. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
195 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
Part 5 
-Paul's POV- 
When I finished my job and reached home, I saw my son attacking his childhood 
friend, a young girl. 
I nearly scolded him without thinking it through, but I became cautious. Perhaps 
there was a hidden reason for this too. The previous failure cannot be repeated. In 
any case, I handed the sobbing girl over to my wife and maid, and use the hot water 
and cloth to wipe my son's body. 
[Why did you do that?] 
[I'm sorry.] 
One year ago when I tried to teach him a lesson, he showed a will to never apologize, 
but he readily did so now. His attitude is quite strange too, like vegetables pickled 
in salt. 
[I want to know the reason.] 
[We got drenched. I was thinking the clothes should be taken off.] 
[But she didn't want to?] 
[Yes.] 
[Father has said before that you must be gentle to girls, right?] 
Rudeus doesn't have any explanations. What did I do when I was around his age? 
I think there were words like [But] and [Except that]. 
I was a kid who always found excuses. My son really is splendid. 
[Well, a kid like you will have some form of interest, but forcing is a no.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
196 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
[.Yes, I'm sorry. I won't do it again.] 
I felt a little sorry after looking at my son, who looked like he reeeived a shoek. 
Being fond of women is definitely within my blood. I was so full of vigor and energy 
that onee I see a eute girl, I would definitely try and go after them. Even though I 
have settled down now, I didn't know the meaning of "restraint" in the past. 
This is probably hereditary. 
It's perfeetly logieal that my son, who's full of reason, is probably agonizing over his 
instinet. 
Why didn't I notiee this before.No, this isn't the time to sympathize with him. 
I need to teaeh him with my experienee. 
[You shouldn't apologize to Father. You need to apologize to Sylph. Got it?] 
[Sylph, erm.Will she forgive me.] 
My son falls into greater despair after saying that. 
Come to think of it, my son has been very attaehed to that kid. The ineident one year 
ago was also meant to proteet her. In the end, he even got hit by his dad. 
From then onward, he played with her everyday and proteeted her from other 
ehildren. He never put down his sword teehniques and magie spells, but he still 
spared time for her. And when he got elose to her, he even gave his own treasured 
rod and magie textbook as gifts. 
I ean understand why he would feel down when he eonsiders the possibility of 
getting hated by that kid. 
I'm the same too. I will feel down if I get hated. 
But don't you worry son. Based on my experienee, there's a huge ehanee to turn this 
around. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
197 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
[Don't worry, it's fine. You have never done anything mean to her up until now. If 
you apologize with sineerity, she will definitely forgive you.] 
My son's faee brightens up a bit. 
My son's so smart. Even if he eommits this mistake, I'm sure he will definitely reseue 
this relationship. 
Furthermore, he might even make use of this failure to eapture her heart. 
Sueh reliability and seariness. 
After my son finished the bath, his first line to Sylph was: 
[I'm sorry Sylph. Beeause your hair is very short, I always thought you were a boy!!] 
I thought my son was sueh a perfeet person, but he is surprisingly super dense in 
some areas. 
This is the first time I thought that. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
198 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
Part 6 
--Rudeus's POV-- 
I apologized, consoled, and praised her, before I was finally forgiven. 
Because Sylph is a girl. I'll call her Sylphy from now on. 
Her full name seems to be Sylphiette. 
I actually mistook such a cute girl for a boy. It looked like Paul was completely 
speechless over my discernment of things. 
I didn't think that a [You're actually a girl?!!] incident would actually happen. 
What choice did I have? Her hair was even shorter than mine when we met. Even 
though her short hair isn't a trendy haircut like in the modem world, her hair isn't as 
short as a monk's. She has never dressed once like a girl. Light brown shirt and pants. 
That's all. If she wore a dress, I wouldn't mistake it either. 
No.Think rationally. 
She gets bullied because of her hair color, so she definitely wanted to cut her hair 
short so it wouldn't be as visible. Because of the bullying, she definitely wanted to 
mn too, so instead of a dress, pants would have been more convenient. Sylphy isn't 
very rich, so after making pants, there wouldn't be enough to make a skirt. 
If we met 3 years later, I wouldn't make this mistake either. 
I was completely into the idea that she's a cute guy, but actually there weren't any 
actions that seemed particularly androgynous. 
If she.Bleh, forget it. 
Whatever I say is an excuse. 
Since I know she's a girl, my attitude must change accordingly as well. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
199 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
Whenever I see the tomboyish Sylphy, I always feel a little strange. 
[Sy-Sylphy looks really eute. Isn't it better if your hair is longer?] 
[Eh.?] 
Perhaps if her appearanee eompletely ehanges, my feelings ean ehange too. 
So I suggested that. 
Even though Sylphy doesn't like her hair, her emerald hair shines underneath the 
sun. I really wish she keeps her hair long. It would be best if it's in a ponytail or twin 
tails. 
[I don't want.] 
But from that day onwards, Sylphy grew wary of me. 
She openly avoids it, espeeially when it eoneems any physieal eontaet. 
I really felt a little shoeked sinee she was so obedient in the past. 
[Is that so. Then let's praetiee voieeless ineantation magie today.] 
[Okay.] 
I straightened out my expression and hid my emotions. Sylphy only has me as her 
friend, so she ean only play with me. Even though she has some reservations about 
me, she's still willing to play with me. 
So I'll just let it be today. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
200 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
Part 7 
Right now, my capabilities in this world are basically like this: 
Byword Techniques J 
Sword-God style : Elementary ranked 
Water-God style : Elementary ranked 
BAttack Magic J 
Eire system: Advanced ranked 
Water system: Saint ranked 
Wind system: Advanced ranked 
Earth system: Advanced ranked 
Bilealing Magic J 
Healing system : Intermediate ranked 
Antidote system : Elementary ranked. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
201 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
Healing Magie is eategorized into 7 ranks as expeeted, and it eomprises of 4 systems: 
Healing, Barrier, Antidote, and Divine Attaek. 
But unlike Attaek Magie, there are no eool names like a Fire-Saint or a Water-Saint. 
But there is something like a saint ranked Magie Healer or a saint ranked Antidote 
Healer. 
Healing is just as it sounds: a magie spell that heals wounds. At first you ean only 
heal seratehes, but if you get to the emperor rank, it seems like you ean even 
regenerate missing limbs. However, even if you get to the god rank, you ean't revive 
dead things. 
Antidote is also the same as it sounds: euring poison or siekness. At higher stages, 
you ean even ereate poison or medieine to eure poisons. Status afflietion related 
magie seems to be saint ranked and above, and very diffieult to learn. 
Barrier magie is magie that raises one's defense, ereating a defensive wall. In simple 
terms, it's support magie. Even though I'm not very elear about the details, I roughly 
know that it ean inerease the speed of eell regeneration to treat light wounds, or 
ereate exeess ehemieals in the brain to lessen the feeling of pain. Roxy doesn't know 
how to use it. 
The divine attaek system seems to be magie that's effeetive against spirits or evil 
raees, but it is kept seeret by the Divine Priest Fighters. The magie university doesn't 
teaeh it either, so Roxy isn't very elear about it. 
Even though I have never seen spirits before, it seems they are really ghosts in this 
world. 
If you don't understand the logie, then you ean't use voieeless ineantation. It's really 
ineonvenient. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
202 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
Plus, even though there's a logie to Attaek Magie, I don't know if the other magies 
also have their own set of logie. Although I know magie is something that seems to 
be able to do everything, I have no idea what I ean ehange to aehieve this. 
For example, making something float up or sueking it into my hand, using my mental 
abilities to eontrol it. 
I feel like it ean be replieated, but I'm not someone with telekinesis, so I don't know 
how to do it. 
Just to add on, I am very hazy over the proeess of healing wounds. That is why I am 
unable to use voieeless ineantation with Healing Magie. If I had the knowledge of a 
doetor, I might be able to use voieeless ineantation with it. 
The other types are also possible to replieate with magie if you know the relevant 
details. 
Or perhaps if I partieipated in sports, my sword teehniques ean advanee a step 
further. 
When I think of it, I feel my previous life had wasted a lot of time meaninglessly. 
No. 
It's not a waste. 
It's true that I didn't work or go to sehool, but I wasn't always hibernating, and I had 
many interests and played many games when others were busy working and 
studying. 
The game's knowledge, experienee, and way of thinking ean be used here in this 
world. 
It should be.!! 
Though, it's not of any use now. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
203 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
204 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
Part 8 
This is an incident that happened during Paul's training. 
[Haaaah.] 
I let out a sigh. 
I thought my open sighing would make Paul angry, but he's grinning from ear to ear. 
[Haha. Let me guess, Rudi. Are you feeling sad that you're being hated by 
Sylphiette?] 
I didn't sigh because of that reason. 
But even if that's not the reason, the incident with Sylphy is part of my troubles. 
[That's right. My sword techniques aren't improving and I'm hated by Sylphy. Of 
course I feel like sighing.] 
Paul smiles like a Cheshire cat and sticks the wooden sword into the ground. He 
leans on it and looks down at me. 
It can't be that this guy is trying to treat me like a joke right. 
[Father can help you think of an idea-] 
He said something unexpected. 
My mind starts moving like clockwork. 
Father = Paul = Very popular. Zenith can be said to be a beautiful woman, and there's 
the incident with Mrs. Ada. Even Lilia, who got touched on the butt, was happy. Is 
there some sort of secret to not get hated by a girl? 
The way of offline life? 
Well, because he belongs to the instinctive type, I might not be able to understand 
it, but perhaps I can consider his suggestion. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
205 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
[If you would please.] 
[Hm, should I say it, hmmm~] 
[Should I liek your boots?] 
[No, hey, why are you so subservient suddenly?] 
[If you don't tell me. I'll tell mother about you ogling Lilia.] 
[This time it's high handedness.Wait, what!? Did you see that!! Okay, I got it. 
It's my bad for putting on airs.] 
I'm just baiting you with the ogling of Lilia. 
Could it be-Adultery? 
Ah well. I already said that this guy is super popular. Let me listen to the popular 
guy's leeture. 
[Listen well, Rudeus. Women-] 
[Yes.] 
[Sometimes like men to be strong, but they like the weak parts about them too.] 
[Oh.] 
I heard something like this before. Motherly instinet? 
[You have only shown your strength to Sylphiette, right?] 
[Is that so? I didn't realize it myself.] 
[Think about it earefully. If you're being eompelled by someone who's apparently 
stronger and shows off their desire, what will happen?] 
[I'd feel seared.] 
[Right?] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
206 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
He's talking about that day. When he beeame a she. 
[So you also need to show off your weakness. Proteet someone with your strong 
points while you let your weaknesses be proteeted by the other person. You must 
build that kind of relationship.] 
[Oh!!] 
That was easy to understand! It makes people feel like Paul isn't the instinetive type! 
Just being strong isn't okay. Just being weak isn't right either. You must be both to 
get popular!! 
[But how do you show off your weakness?] 
[That's easy. Aren't you being troubled now?] 
[Yes.] 
[Just tell your bottled up troubles to Sylphiette and it will be done. Tell her that 
you're feeling low and very troubled beeause she has been avoiding you.] 
[Then what will happen next?] 
Paul laughs. 
A malieious smile. 
[If it goes smoothly, she will approaeh you on her own. She might even eonsole you. 
Then you will be revived. No one will be unhappy when you get your spirits up.] 
[!!] 
So that's the answer. Using my attitude to eontrol someone's feelings. 
Ineredible. But the plan might not sueeeed right? 
[B-but if it doesn't work?] 
[Find me again. I'll teaeh you the next step.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
207 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
There's aetually a 2nd triek. Sehemer. This guy really is a sehemer! li^oi 
[I see. Then, I'm going off!!] 
[Go ahead.] 
Paul shoos me with his hand. I run off burning with anxiety. 
[What did I teaeh to my 6 year old son.] 
A voiee seems to eome from behind. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
208 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
Part 9 
I reached the huge tree too early. Sylphy's not here yet. 
I usually bring a wooden sword along with me and wipe my body before I come 
here, but I'm full of sweat right now. What should I do? I have no choice. I should 
start practicing in my mind. I swing my wooden sword in my mind, doing combat. 
First I should show off my strength. Then my weakness. Weakness. How should I 
do that? That's right, I need to make myself look despondent. Then, what next? The 
timing, hm. Should I do it all of a sudden? That would be too abrupt. Maybe I should 
adjust accordingly to the flow of the conversation. Can I do it? No, I must do it. 
I swing the sword as I think in confusion. I don't know when my grip suddenly turned 
weak. The sword slips out of my hand. 
[Guuh.] 
The sword lands where Sylphy is at. My mind turns blank. 
W-what should I do? What should I say? 
[W-what's wrong Rudeus.?] 
Sylphy looks at me, her eyes wild. What, asking me why I came here? 
[Erm, Haa.haa. I'm just feeling it's regrettable or something if I can't see Sylphy's 
cute expressions.] 
[N-no, I'm not talking about that. Your sweat.] 
[Haa.Haaaa.... Ah, sweat? What.?] 
I pant and approach her, but she shows a frightened expression and retreats. Just like 
before, she doesn't want me to approach her and backs off. 
Even though I'm so smitten by you in this way, you pull back in this way. 
I'm just kidding. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
209 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
[ . ] 
I wipe the perspiration off my forehead. My breathing's beeoming stable. Good. 
I display an expression full of strieken grief, plaee my hand on the tree, and make a 
figure of self-refleetion. My shoulders drop down, and I sigh heavily. 
[Hah.Reeently, Sylphy is really eold.] 
Silenee persists for a while. 
Is that enough? Is that enough Paul? Should I have been weaker, or was it too fake? 
[!!] 
My hand gets gripped tightly from behind. I feel the soft and gentle warmth. I turn 
baek, and Sylphy is right there. 
W-Woahhh! 
So elose. Sylphy hasn't been so elose for a very long time. Paul-san! I made it!! 
[Beeause, reeently Rudeus, is a little strange.] 
Mmm. I am aware of that point. 
Needless to say, I didn't treat her the same way reeently. 
From Sylphy's point of view, perhaps my attitude has ehanged a lot. Like knowing 
that the opposite person is a wealthy woman searehing for a marrying partner. 
She will definitely feel uneomfortable. But what sort of attitude should I use? 
I ean't do it if it was in the past. I'm with sueh a eute girl, how ean I not be tense? 
The same age and a eute young girl. I really don't know how to get along with her. 
If I'm at the adult standpoint, maybe if Sylphy was older, I might be able to use some 
knowledge from Eroge and handle it. If she was a boy, I eould use the experienee 
when I was with my younger brother. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
210 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
But she's the osananajimi, and she's a girl. Of eourse, I played games that get along 
with girls in H ways, but that's nothing more than a delusion. Also, I simply don't 
want to have a relationship with her in that manner. Sylphy's just too young. 
She's not in my AT field of defense. [32] 
It's temporarily something like that. But I'm looking forward to the future!! 
Let's throw that all away first. She's a kid who's being bullied. Nobody stood on my 
side when I was bullied, so I hope to beeome her eompanion. Regardless of a boy or 
girl, this is the only thing that will not ehange. But it's diffieult if I want to treat her 
the same way as before. I'm also a boy, and hope to build a good relationship with 
girls. 
For tomorrow!! 
Urgh.I don't understand. What should I do? If I had just asked Paul about these 
matters. 
[.Sorry, but I don't aetually hate Rudeus.] 
[S-Sylphy.] 
After I show off an expression of uselessness, Sylphy strokes my head. 
And she smiles at me with relief. A gentle smile. 
My heart skips a beat. 
Even though it's apparently my fault, she apologizes to me. 
I grab her hand tightly. 
Sylphy looks up at me, blushing. 
[So, ean we be like before?] 
The effeet from asking this sentenee when she looks up at me is powerful. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
211 
Chapter 8 - Insensitive 
Enough to make my heart determined. 
I am determined. 
That's right, she hopes for the usual. 
To maintain the same as before, I need to treat her just like before, as mueh as before. 
To let her not be afraid and awkward, I need to hide the faet that I'm a guy to get 
along with her. 
It ean only be that. I should only be that. 
Let's do it. 
A donkanPsi protagonist. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
212 
Chapter 9 - Emergency Family Meeting 
Chapter 9 - Emergency Family Meeting 
Part 1 
Zenith has been diagnosed as pregnant. My brother or sister is going to be bom. 
The family members have increased. Yowzer Rudi-chan!! 
Zenith has been troubled all these years. 
In the past, she would sigh and suspect whether she was unable to have any more 
children, but about 1 month ago, she started to feel a change in her. She was getting 
tired easily, getting nauseous, vomiting, etc. These are the common signs of 
pregnancy. Since she still remembered those feelings, she went to a doctor and was 
diagnosed as pregnant. Basically, it wasn't wrong. 
The Greyrat family was overjoyed with the report. 
If it's a boy, he will be named this. If it's a girl, she will be named that. There's the 
room too, along with how the kid can use Rudi's old clothes. 
The topics were endless. 
The laughter kept coming in on that bustling day. I was frankly quite happy, and 
made my opinion that a younger sister is better. That's because my younger brother 
destroyed the most important thing to me (using a baseball bat). 
And then. 
A month later, there was another problem that sprang out. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
213 
Chapter 9 - Emergency Family Meeting 
Part 2 
The maid Lilia is discovered to be pregnant. 
[I'm sorry, I'm pregnant.] 
Lilia plainly announces the fact that she is pregnant when the family gathered. 
At that instant, the Greyrat family freezes. 
(Who did it.?) 
No one tries asking in this atmosphere. 
Everyone faintly feels it. Lilia's a hardworking maid. She sends almost all of her 
salary back home. To solve the village's problem, she frequently goes out with Paul, 
and is different from Zenith who stays in the village to help out with the clinic. She 
almost doesn't leave the house except for work. There were no news that Lilia is 
especially close to someone either. 
Could it be that she did it with a stranger. 
But I know one thing. 
After Zenith became pregnant, Paul was forced to stop having sexual activities, and 
when he couldn't find relief for it, he snuck into Lilia's room at night. 
If I was a straight child, I might even have thought that they were playing poker. 
Unfortunately, I knew. The two of them did it not during father's absence, but 
mother's absence. 
I really wish they would be more careful. Didn't 2 random people say this before? 
[Ye laddies!! "Ye can do it if you try." are very good words. They teach us the 
importance of contraception! !]p4] 
I really want to let Paul, whose face has turned green, know those lines. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
214 
Chapter 9 - Emergency Family Meeting 
Well, I don't really know if there is the usage of contraception. 
Of course, I don't intend to divulge this matter and cause a family break up. 
If it's the usual, I would not forgive anyone who lays his hands on the maid. 
But I have received much favor from Paul about Sylphy's matter. I'll forgive him this 
once. 
A popular guy has it hard. That is why if he gets suspected. I'll cover for him. I can 
even be his alibi. After I set my determination down, I make eye signals towards 
Paul to tell him to be at peace. 
But at the same time. Zenith looks at Paul, full of suspicion. 
And coincidentally, both of us have our lines of sight on Paul. 
[S-sorry. I-it's probably, mine.] 
This fellow gives up all too easily. 
How pathetic.No, honest men should be praised. He always likes to gather the 
family members and act noble by teaching me: 
[Be 
honest] 
something 
like 
that, 
[Be 
manly] 
something 
like 
that, 
[Protect 
girls] 
something 
like 
that. 
[Don't do dishonest things] something like that. 
So he probably can't tell anything but the truth. 
Isn't that good? I don't dislike that part about you. 
(But the situation has become pretty bad.) 
I think that as I look at Zenith. A Hannya mask is appearing behind her.i^si 
Just like that, including Lilia, we start an emergency family meeting. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
215 
Chapter 9 - Emergency Family Meeting 
Part 3 
The first to break the silence is Zenith. 
She leads the initiative. 
"Well, what are you going to do now?" 
From how I look at it, Zenith is exceedingly composed. 
She only gave her husband who committed adultery, a mere slap without falling into 
hysteria. 
Paul's face still has a red handprint. 
"Please allow me to quit this job after helping Madam give birth." 
The one who replied is Lilia. She is also exceedingly calm. Perhaps in this world 
this is a very common thing. The owner and the maid with an affair. Once it becomes 
a problem, she leaves the house. 
Hm. 
If it's the usual, I will be interested in such a tragic story. But this atmosphere is 
making me unable to even twitch. After all I have restraint. Unlike Paul. 
Just so you know, Paul is curling up in one comer. 
A father's dignity? The heck is that? 
[What about the child?] 
[I plan to raise him in my hometown after I give birth in Fedoa.] 
[Your hometown is in the south right?] 
[Yes.] 
[You will be exhausted after giving birth, and you probably can't take the long 
journey right?] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
216 
Chapter 9 - Emergency Family Meeting 
[.Perhaps, but I don't have anywhere else to go to.] 
Fedoa is placed at Asura's northern section. 
From my knowledge, the cities at the southern side of the Asuran Kingdom require 
a full month's journey even on horse carriages. Even if it's only a month, Asura's 
kingdom security and weather is quite good. If you take a carriage the journey isn't 
very harsh. 
But that's only for ordinary travelers. 
Lilia doesn't have money. If she doesn't have the money, she can only walk. 
Even if the Greyrat family gives her the fees for traveling, the danger doesn't change 
even if she takes a carriage. 
A mother who just gave birth setting off alone to journey. If I'm a bad guy, what will 
I do if I meet her? 
Of course I'll attack her, that's a golden goose right there. It's asking others to "please 
attack me". Taking the child as a hostage and then imprisoning the mother. Stealing 
all her money and belongings first. And there seems to be some form of slavery 
system, it will be a done deal if the mother and child get sold too. 
Even if Asura is the most secure place in this world, it doesn't mean there are no bad 
people out there. She probably has a high chance to get attacked. 
Zenith is right. Physical strength is a problem. Even if Lilia manages to endure it, 
what about the child? 
Can the child last a full month's journey? 
Impossible right? 
Of course if Lilia collapses, the child will also accompany her. If they fall sick, they 
also don't have the resources to look for a doctor, and at the end they will go down. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
217 
Chapter 9 - Emergency Family Meeting 
My eyes can already visualize the scenery of Lilia carrying her baby collapsing in 
the snowstorm. 
I don't want Lilia to die in that manner. 
[But honey, that's really.] 
[Shut up!!] 
Paul tries to argue by stammering, but after Zenith's flat rejection, he curls up like a 
child in the comer. 
In this matter, he has no speaking power. Hmm. Looks like Paul has already been 
eliminated out of the equation. 
[ . ] 
Zenith bites her fingernails in pain. Looks like she's hesitating. 
She doesn't hate Lilia to the point of killing her. 
Actually, the relationship between the two is very good. They have been maintaining 
the household for 6 years together, one can even see them as good friends. 
If the child in Lilia isn't Paul's. 
If Lilia got raped in an alley and got pregnant because of that. Zenith will definitely 
allow.no, she will forcefully protect her, and let her child be raised here. From 
the flow of the conversation, this world doesn't have the concept of aborting a child. 
I think there are two conflicting feelings in Zenith's heart. 
The feeling of her fondness for Lilia and the feeling that she has been betrayed. 
I think Zenith is plenty admirable that she's not leaning to the latter emotion. If it's 
me, I will surely be jealous enough to chase her out. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
218 
Chapter 9 - Emergency Family Meeting 
The fact that Zenith is able to keep her cool has something to do with Lilia's attitude. 
Lilia isn't finding an excuse for herself, and only plans to take responsibility. Taking 
all the responsibility towards the family she has betrayed, that she has always served. 
But the one who should take responsibility in my opinion, should be Paul. It isn't 
right for Lilia to take all the responsibility. 
This farewell cannot happen in such a terrible way. 
I decided to help Lilia. I have received plenty of care from her. Even though we 
didn't have much interaction and she rarely speaks to me, but she has taken very 
good care of me. 
Every time when I am soaked with perspiration from practicing sword techniques, 
she will have prepared a towel for me. If I got drenched from the rain, she will also 
prepare hot water. During the cold nights she brings me a blanket. When I forget to 
pack the books back to the shelves, she will pack them fastidiously. 
And most importantly. 
The most important, and that is of most importance. 
She knows the existence of the Divine Artifact, but she kept it a secret. 
That's right, Lilia knows. 
Back then when I still thought Sylphy was a boy. 
It was raining then. I was studying the botanical encyclopedia in my room with 
complicated feelings. It was then when Lilia entered and began cleaning. I was 
absorbed in reading the book and I didn't notice Lilia cleaning near the hiding place 
of the Divine Artifact. When I noticed her, it was already past redemption. Lilia's 
hand was holding on to the Divine Artifact. 
I was utterly shocked. It's true that the 20 years of my neet life, that my room was 
completely messy without caring if there's anyone beside me. There's even a folder 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
219 
Chapter 9 - Emergency Family Meeting 
on the computer's desktop with the file name [Erotic pictures]. That is perhaps why 
my hiding techniques have grown rusty. But I didn't expect it at all that it was found 
so easily. I even tried earnestly to hide it.Is this the living thing called a "Maid"? 
Something in my heart starts to crumble, and the blood starts to leave my brain. 
The witch hunt had begun. 
Lilia said: [What's that?] 
I said: [Wwwwwwwwwhat's that, ttttttthat.] 
Lilia said: [There's a smell to it.] 
I said: [Ses— That may or may not be the smell of sesame oil?] 
Lilia said: [Whose is this?] 
I said: [.Sorry, it's Roxy's.] 
Lilia said: [It's better to wash it.] 
I said: [How can that be washed!!] 
Lilia puts the Divine Artifact back to the Divine Holding Place (the hiding place). 
And she left the me who was trembling, and left the room. 
On that night I was prepared to face a family meeting. 
But nothing happened. 
I was shivering the entire night. But when it turned to the 2nd morning, nothing 
happened at all. 
She didn't tell anymore. 
I'll repay this favor. 
[Mother, I can get two siblings at the same time, why is the atmosphere so heavy?] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
220 
Chapter 9 - Emergency Family Meeting 
I must be like a child. 
Lilia's pregnant. That's great, there are even more family members. Why are you 
getting angry? 
I try to cut in based on this type of feeling. 
[That's because she and your father had done something that's not allowed.] 
Zenith replies with a sigh. Bottomless fury creeps into her voice. But, that fury isn't 
pointed at Lilia. Zenith knows it clearly herself. 
Who has the most fault? 
[Is that so. But can Lilia resist father?] 
[What?] 
So, even if it's unfair to Paul, he has dug this grave himself. Please bear all the blame. 
I'm sorry, the repayment for Sylphy has to wait. 
[I know. Father's holding on to Lilia's weakness.] 
[Eh? Is that true!?] 
Zenith seems to believe my random lies, looking back at Lilia in surprise. 
Lilia is expressionless as usual, but she seems to have an idea about this and her 
eyebrow moves a little. Is it really true that she had some weakness. But from how 
it looks, the one whose weakness has been caught is actually Paul. 
Whatever. That's just as well. 
[Earlier, when I went to the toilet and passed by Lilia's room, I heard father 
saying.If you don't want "that" to come into open daylight, you better obediently 
spread your legs or something like that.] 
[Wha!! Rudi, what are you saying.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
221 
Chapter 9 - Emergency Family Meeting 
[You shut the hell up!!] 
Zenith piercing shriek cuts Paul off. 
[Lilia, is what he said true?] 
[No, that kind of thing is.] 
Lilia wants to say something, but her eyes are wavering. 
She's thinking of something. It might even be that she has played that kind of "play". 
[That's true, you can't say it out loud from your mouth.] 
Zenith arbitrarily comes to an understanding of her own based on Lilia's attitude. 
Paul looks flabbergasted with his eyes darting in confusion, even though his mouth 
is wide open he couldn't say anything, becoming like a goldfish. 
Good. Now for the finishing blow. 
[Mother. I feel that Lilia isn't in the wrong.] 
[Yes.] 
[It's father who is in the wrong.] 
[.Yes.] 
[Father is in the wrong, but Lilia's getting punished, this is too strange.] 
[.Yes.] 
There's not enough of a reaction.A little more. 
[I'm really happy to spend time with Sylphy, so I think it's better that my siblings 
should have friends of the same age.] 
[.Yes.] 
[Also, mother. To me, both of them are my siblings.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
222 
Chapter 9 - Emergency Family Meeting 
I got it. Sheesh, I really can't win Rudi.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
223 
Chapter 9 - Emergency Family Meeting 
Zenith takes in a deep breath. 
You're giving me a lot of trouble, mother. 
[Lilia, stay in our home. You're already one of us!! I'm not allowing you to leave by 
yourself!!] 
She lays down the order. 
Paul opens his eyes wide, Lilia in tears while she covers her lips with her hands. 
And thus, this matter comes to a close. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
225 
Chapter 9 - Emergency Family Meeting 
Part 4 
Just like that, all the blame has been gathered onto Paul, and things settled down. 
In the end. Zenith looks at Paul as if a pig is going to be slaughtered. 
In some professions this might be a reward, but my balls shrank for that moment. 
Zenith brings that look in her and returns to her room alone. 
Lilia's crying. She still has the expressionless look, but her tears keep flowing from 
her eyes. 
Paul's hesitating whether he should hug her shoulders. 
Well, I'll leave it to the playboy. 
I chase after Zenith to the master bedroom. If this incident causes Zenith to divorce 
Paul, it's also a problem. 
I knock on the door, and Zenith immediately comes out. 
[Mother. The earlier stuff I said was a lie. Please don't hate father.] 
I said without any preface to it. 
Zenith looks dumbfounded for a moment, but she immediately s mi les 
strokes my head. 
[I got it. I didn't think that I will like that sort of bad guy. That fellow is 
lustful, so I had prepared myself for when it ever turned out like that, 
happened so suddenly that I was too shocked.] 
[.Is father that fond of women?] 
I pretended to not know anything and ask. 
[Yes. He is better recently, but he didn't care about the consequences in the past. It 
might even be possible that there's Rudi's older brother or sister.] 
wryly and 
stupid and 
But it just 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
226 
Chapter 9 - Emergency Family Meeting 
As she talks, the strength of the hand stroking my head becomes stronger and 
stronger. 
[Rudi can't turn out to be that kind of adult okay?] 
She rubs my head firmly, no, she's grabbing my head with more and more 
strength. 
[You can't treat Sylphy lightly okay?] 
[Ow, ouch, of course mother, ouch~] 
I feel like my actions from hence forth have been severely warned. 
But, it looks like things should be fine now. Whatever happens will be Paul's effort. 
But, our family's father is really mischievous. 
There's no 2nd chance, mister. 
The 2nd day. 
The sword training is extremely strict. 
I already helped you to comfort mother, can you not place your anger on me? 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
227 
Chapter 9 - Emergency Family Meeting 
Part 5 
-Lilia's POV- 
ril be blunt. 
This pregnancy is my own fault. That's because I know I seduced Paul. 
When I came to this house I didn't plan it at all. But, after listening to their heavy 
pants every single night, cleaning after their room that has the full scent of the night's 
aftermath, I would've accumulated sexual desire. 
At first I settled it myself. 
But, as I watch Paul train with the sword in the courtyard everyday, an unquenchable 
fire in my body starts becoming bigger. 
Every time I see Paul train, I think of my first time. 
I was much younger that time, and it was during the days in the dojo. The person 
was of course Paul, and it was a forced attack during the night. Even though I didn't 
hate him, but I didn't like him either. The first time wasn't very romantic, and I shed 
tears right then. 
But right after that, the fat ministers were there. 
Once I thought that Paul was better than them, I didn't mind that incident as much... 
As I heard Paul was hiring maids, I was thinking of using that time as negotiation 
material. 
The Paul that I have not seen since back then, was much manlier now. 
The youthful boy has disappeared, and he had become an intense and rugged man. 
In front of such a man, I actually managed to hold on for 6 years. 
At first, Paul didn't flirt with me. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
228 
Chapter 9 - Emergency Family Meeting 
If it stayed that way, perhaps my own desires will be put out. 
But his occasional sexual harassment lit up my fire. 
Even though I can endure it, but I am conscious of the fact that I was on a tight 
balance. 
Zenith's pregnancy broke that balance. 
Using Paul's sexual desires as a chance for myself, I seduced him into the room. 
So everything is my fault. Pregnancy is my punishment. A punishment for losing to 
my desires and betraying Zenith. 
But I was forgiven. 
I was forgiven by Rudeus. 
That smart child accurately understood what happened, guided the flow of the 
conversation accurately, and even laid down the perfect trap. 
As if he had encountered something like this before and remained calm. 
That's too scary.N, no I can't talk about him like this anymore. 
I always found Rudeus to be scary and avoided him in the past. 
Rudeus is very clever. He must have noticed that I was avoiding him intentionally. 
But, he still saved me. Even though he must have felt uncomfortable. 
Compared to his own feelings, he chose to save this child. 
I felt ashamed that I found him to be frightening and avoided him. 
He's my savior. A person that deserves my respect. 
I'll serve this person with the greatest respect till the day I die. No.I can't repay 
it by myself when I consider about the part where I looked down on him. 
That's right. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
229 
Chapter 9 - Emergency Family Meeting 
If this child grows up safely and well. 
I'll let this child follow Rudeus. 
I'll let him serve Master Rudeus. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
230 
Chapter 9 - Emergency Family Meeting 
Part 6 
--Rudeus POV- 
Nothing special really happened the next few months. 
Sylphy's growth is apparent. She can use voiceless incantation up to the intermediate 
rank. She's also able to slowly perform the delicate controls. 
Comparatively, my sword techniques' ranks aren't changing much. 
Even though I'm improving, I still haven't left a mark on Paul's body, so there's no 
real feel to it. 
Also, Lilia's attitude seems to be better. She has always been wary of me in the past. 
Well, it's to be expected since I've been whoosh-whoosh-whoosh casting magic since 
I was young. 
Even though she basically keeps her expressionless face, her words and actions make 
me feel like she respects me a lot. Even though I find the feeling of that to be pretty 
good, it will make Paul lose his position, so I hope she stops that appropriately. 
In any case after that incident, Lilia begins to talk to me a little. 
Mainly about Paul. 
Lilia actually learned sword techniques in the same dojo. 
At that time Paul was very talented, but he didn't like practice. And he usually skips 
practice to play in the city. And Lilia lost her virginity due to Paul's sneak attack 
during the night when she was sleeping. Paul was afraid of revealing this incident 
and escaped. 
She plainly describes to me the events that happened. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
231 
Chapter 9 - Emergency Family Meeting 
The stocks in Paul's shares began to plummet the more I hear Lilia's described 
events. 
Rape plus adultery. Paul's a scumbag. 
But Paul's personality isn't that of a bad person. He's wild and free like a child, the 
type that brings motherly instinct out. He tries hard to be a father. But he's terribly 
weak in being patient, and whatever that he thinks of, he immediately puts it into 
action, he's definitely not a bad person. 
[What's the matter, why are you staring at me. Do you want to be as cool as your 
father?] 
He asks me during sword training as I look at Paul. 
This fellow is always trying to joke. 
[A man who nearly caused a family to break up with his adultery, is cool?] 
[Uuugh.] 
Paul shows a pained expression. I warn myself to be careful when I look at that 
expression. 
Even though I'm the donkan type. I won't cause affairs, except with girls trying to 
fight over me. I'm that type who will try to cause that sort of thing. 
[Well, with this matter as a warning, please don't lay your hands other than mother.] 
[L, Lilia is fine right?] 
This guy seems like he hasn't suffered enough. 
[The next time mother might leave to her hometown without saying anything.] 
[Ugh.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
232 
Chapter 9 - Emergency Family Meeting 
Surrounded by 2 women, is this guy trying to create a menage a trois? Getting a 
beautiful wife and a maid that he can attack anytime, while teaching his son sword 
techniques in the mral area living a decadent life. 
Hey hey, that's making people too envious. Isn't that one of the best ending? 
Like a certain light novef^®], laying hands on both Louise and Tabitha and still be 
fine? 
Should I stop chasing the donkan type and learn from him.? 
No, no. Calm down. That family meeting, that final look on Zenith. 
Do you want to be looked at with that eyes? 
It's enough to have I wife. 
[If you're a guy you should understand right?] 
Paul is still insisting on it. I understand it, but I don't agree with it. 
[What are you trying to let your 6 years old son understand?] 
[Aren't you drooling over Sylphy. That kid will definitely become a beauty in the 
future.] 
I can only agree with that. 
[I guess. Even though I think she's very cute now.] 
[Isn't that easy to understand.] 
[I guess.] 
Paul's a scumbag, but we still find it easy to talk. 
Even though I look like a kid. I'm past the mental age of a 40 years old NEET. A 
true scumbag. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
233 
Chapter 9 - Emergency Family Meeting 
Only limited to a game, but I like girls, and of course I like a harem. My base quality 
might even be the same as Paul's fondness for women. 
This feeling happened after I talked with Paul after I forcefully stripped Sylphy. 
After that incident, I feel that Paul is willing to approach on his own and be frank 
about things. Because I showed off my weak side, he isn't forcing himself to be a 
strict father, meaning that he has grown as well. 
[Hebe.] 
I suddenly notice Paul grinning. 
He's not looking at me, but behind me. When I turn my head back, Sylphy's standing 
right there. She rarely comes to our home. 
When I look closely, she's fidgeting a little with her face dyed red in color. 
She must have heard what I said earlier. 
[Hey, repeat that one more time for her to listen-] 
Paul's teasing is really classic. 
I laughed through my nose. Really, you don't get it. 
Paul's still naive in some areas. 
Even if something that comes from the heart, you will get used to it if you hear it too 
many times, and the thrill of it will become weaker. You must let people feel like 
you're very dense, but it will be more effective if you let out your true heartfelt words 
once in a while. 
It can only be once in a while. You can't do it the 2nd time.i^®] 
So I just smile and wave at Sylphy. 
Also, Sylphy's just 6. It's 10 years too early to talk about this thing. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
234 
Chapter 9 - Emergency Family Meeting 
If you praise her as cute and continuously spoil her, she wouldn't become a good 
woman. 
My older sister is a fine example. 
[A-about that. Rudeus, is also.cool, too?] 
[Is that so, thank you Sylphy.] 
I smile faintly and reveal (my supposed) shining teeth. 
Sylphy's really good at socializing. I almost thought it was real when she looked at 
me with her eyes full of admiration. Praising Sylphy as cute is my true words, but 
that doesn't include any romantic love in it. 
At least for now. 
[Then father. I'm off.] 
[Don't push her down in the grass!] 
Who would do that. I'm not you. 
[Mother!! Father is-] 
[Wahh, stop, stop.!!] 
Today is another peaceful day for our family. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
235 
Chapter 9 - Emergency Family Meeting 
Part 7 
After a while, Zenith started to go into labor. 
It was really hard that time. Because it was a breech deliveryi^oi. 
Lilia is also unable to move, so the midwife from the village is called to help out. 
But the old lady has no solutions either. 
Zenith's delivery is that severe. 
Going into labor for so long, both mother and child had lapsed into a dangerous 
situation. 
Lilia is using all her knowledge and moving around. I also try to do what I can, 
constantly releasing healing magic to help out. 
With our efforts, the delivery is successful. 
The child comes into this world without issues, and is crying energetically. 
It's a girl. A sister. Luckily it's not a younger brother. 
At the moment where we get relieved, Lilia also shows signs of giving birth. 
That's the moment when everyone is relaxed and tired. 
That word premature labor is dancing in my heart. 
But, this time the midwife succeeds. She handles the breech delivery terribly, but 
she seems to be experienced in premature delivery. As expected of her age. 
I follow the midwife's orders. Kicking the frightened Paul's butt, I let him carry Lilia 
to my room. In the meantime I used magic to create hot water, tried my best to gather 
clean cloths, and returned to the midwife. 
The rest is handed over to the midwife. 
At the child's birth, Lilia calls out Paul's name lovingly. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
236 
Chapter 9 - Emergency Family Meeting 
The sweaty Paul firmly grabs her hand. 
The child that was just bom is smaller than Zenith's daughter, but this kid also cries 
out healthily. 
This side is also a girl. 
Both are female. Both are sisters. 
Both side are girls?-Paul says and laughs in a silly way. 
A stupid father's face. This is the 2nd time I've seen that expression. 
Come to think of it, Paul's really too miserable. After all, the female faction in our 
home has grown 2 times. At this scenario, who has the smallest foothold? 
Probably the father who committed adultery with a maid that gave birth. 
My goal is to be a respectable older brother, but Paul will definitely not get 
respected, probably. 
Zenith's daughter, Nom. 
Lilia's daughter, Aisha. 
These are the names that have been given to them. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
237 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
Part 1 
I'm 7 years old now. 
My two sisters, Norn and Aisha, are growing up without any problems. 
They cry whenever they wet the bed, dirty their diapers, get hungry, or feel 
something is wrong. They even cry when there's nothing wrong. 
It's normal to cry at night. It's normal to cry in the morning. They cry even harder 
during the day. 
Paul and Zenith are quickly crumbling mentally. 
But only Lilia is full of energy saying: 
[This is the right thing, this is actually definitely raising children! It was too easy 
with Young Master Rudeus! You can't call that raising a child!] 
She takes care of the babies with her experience. 
Adding on to it, regarding the matter of crying in the night, I have already gotten 
used to it due to my younger brother, so I don't take notice of it. 
I'm not really bragging, but I have already experienced taking care of a baby due to 
my younger brother. Looking at me changing the diapers, washing the clothes and 
cleaning up, Paul gives off an expression of being useless. 
This guy is just like the Japanese males before the war who knew nothing about 
housework. 
Even though he's very skilled in swordsmanship, and receives deep trust from the 
villagers, he's half baked when it comes to being a father. 
This is already the 2nd baby.Sheesh. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
238 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
Part 2 
Talking about here, I'll treat it as restoring Paul's reputation and talk about his good 
points. 
About this person who has all sorts of weakness all over him, and no matter how 
you look at it he's a scumbag Paul, I acknowledge him. 
Why? Because he's strong. 
First is Paul's sword techniques rank. 
Sword-God Style: Advanced 
Water-God Style: Advanced 
North-God Style: Advanced 
All the styles are advanced. 
Talking about advanced, it's said that people with talent would have to spend 10 
years on each stance in order to reach the advanced rank. 
If you compare the advanced rank to kendo, it's about 4th to 5th dan. The 
intermediate rank is about 1st dan to 3rd dan or so, and as a common knight, reaching 
the intermediate rank is enough to qualify. The saint rank requires the upper rank 
6th dan and above, but I'll ignore this first. 
This example is, Paul has kendo. Judo, Karate reaching the strength of 4th dan. 
And all of them are trained halfway before abandoning it. 
Even though he's not a decent human being, his strength can be guaranteed. Also, 
even though he's only 25 years old or so, his practical combat experience is in 
abundance. 
The advice that he gives is very cunning and practical. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
239 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
Due to him being too much of an instinct user, I can't understand even half of it, but 
I know that what he says is all correct. 
The 2 years I've spent learning from Paul, haven't let me rise above the elementary 
ranks. After a few more years, I don't know how my physical strength will improve, 
but currently no matter how I do mental training, I can't find a way to beat Paul. 
Even if I use magic or play around with strategies, I feel like I absolutely can't win. 
I've seen Paul fight a magical creature. 
More accurately, it was him who showed me. After being notified that there was a 
magical creature, he said [Observing is also a form of experience] and dragged me 
outside, letting me watch his battle from afar. 
To tell the truth. 
He's too damn cool. 
His opponents are 4 magical creatures. 
3 «Assault Dog», that look like trained Doberman, 
1 «Terminate Boar», a wild pig-like magical creature with 4 arms. 
It seems that the wild pig has led the dogs and appeared deep within the forest. 
Paul easily handles them, and cuts off their heads within moments. 
Let me say this again, that is too damn cool. 
How should I describe it? His entire battle feels like he is full of elegance. What 
makes me excited is how there's an unfathomable rhythm to it, looking aptly 
presentable. 
It's not adequate to describe it with words. If you really need to use a word to 
describe, it's charm. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
240 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
Paul's battle style is full of charm. It draws people's trust, made Zenith fall in love 
with him, Lilia yielding her body to him, and I can understand why Mrs. Ada is so 
hot and infatuated with him. 
The number one man in the village whom you want to sleep with. 
Well meh, whatever. 
I'm grateful for his existence. I'm grateful this powerful existence is beside me. 
If there was no Paul here, I might have easily turned out to be arrogant in this world. 
Like challenging a magical creature recklessly just because I know some magic, but 
I can't hit the «Assault Dog», and get cruelly bitten to death. 
No, perhaps it might not be magical creatures, but men. 
Arrogantly challenging an unbeatable enemy. 
A scenario that happens all too easily. 
Trying to punish the bad people, but getting wiped out instead. 
The warriors in this world are strong beyond comprehension. 
If one is serious, he can run at the speed of 50 kilometers. The dynamic vision and 
reaction aren't normal. 
Because of healing magic, one wouldn't easily die, but the opponent can kill in one 
strike. 
The existence of magical creatures has made the human race adapt and become 
strong. 
Furthermore, Paul who's so powerful is only at the Advanced rank. Judging from the 
swordsman, there are many people out there that are more powerful. In this world, 
the famous people and magical creatures, there are way too many out there that Paul 
is not a match for. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
241 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
There is always someone better than you. 
Paul's existence taught me this natural conclusion. 
Although, no matter how many good points he has, he's a useless father at home. 
Even if you're an Olympic gold medalist, you're still a criminal if you commit a 
crime. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
242 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
Part 3 
One random day, I practiced like usual with Paul learning sword techniques. 
I can't win against Paul today also. I probably can't win tomorrow too. 
Recently, I don't have the feeling of improvement. But if I don't continue training I 
will not improve. 
Even if there's no sense to it, the process of training will become my skill. 
Probably. 
It will right? There's no mistake to it? 
As I'm thinking of this and that, Paul suddenly remembers something and says: 
[That's right Rudi. About school you.] 
When he reaches the middle of it, he stops. 
[.Never mind. Nothing, let's continue.] 
Paul raises his wooden sword as if nothing happened. 
I didn't miss that. 
[What, school.?] 
[The school refers to the Fedoa region's capital's Ranoa style education system. It's 
in charge of teaching language, history, etiquette and mathematics.] 
[I think I've heard about this in the past.] 
[Usually a child your age will attend school.You don't need it right? Learning 
language and mathematics?] 
[Hm, that's true.] 
I'll treat it like Roxy taught me Mathematics. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
243 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
After the two girls were bom, the finances dipped slightly into the red, and I helped 
take a look at the account books. In the end, they were shocked. I was afraid of being 
called a genius or something, so I immediately brought out Roxy's name. 
In the end, Roxy's evaluation went up again, that's fine with me. 
[But I'm interested in school. Aren't there a lot of kids the same age as me gathering 
together? I might be able to make friends.] 
But Paul spat at that. 
[It's not a fine place that you believe it to be. There's no flexibility to the etiquette 
lessons, there are a huge bunch of useless rules, and there's no meaning if you learn 
about history. You will absolutely get bullied, and when the brats from the nobles 
gather together, they will cause a fuss if they aren't number one. If they see you, they 
will form a party to bully you. Something like why are you better than me despite 
the fact that I have a duke as my father.] 
It's like he experienced it firsthand. 
I heard that Paul left home due to his father's strictness and the disgusting nobles. 
The etiquette and history lessons are there to give vanity to the Asuran nobles, they 
are probably something that make people feel oppressed. 
I will surely also feel the same way since Paul and I are similar. 
[Is that so. I thought there might be daughters of the nobles out there who are cute.] 
[I suggest you give up. The nobles' daughters might wear make up and do up a 
hairstyle and put on perfume, but once they get into bed, because they don't do any 
physical activities, their body shape is really terrible. Well, there are those out there 
who like the sword, and have a pretty good body, but most of them use a corset to 
cover up things, so if you don't strip them you won't know. Father has been deceived 
many times.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
244 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
Paul looks up to the sky as he says that, and his words are subtly persuasive. 
Even though he talks like a scumbag, because of these experiences, he has managed 
to get a good wife like Zenith, so his words have deeper meaning to them. 
[Then.I won't go to school.] 
There are many things I want to teach Sylphy. 
Also, if I know I'll get bullied and still go there on purpose, there must be something 
wrong with my mind. 
Didn't I become a NEET for 20 years just because I got bullied. 
[That's right. Instead of going to school, you should become an adventurer and go 
into dungeons.] 
[Adventurer.?] 
[That's right. Dungeons are a good place. Because the girls don't wear make up, you 
can tell whether they are pretty. Regardless of a swordsman or warrior or a magician, 
they have really good bodies.] 
Putting the scumbag comments aside. 
According to the books, dungeons are a form of magical creature. 
It is merely a simple cave that has warped due to the accumulation of mana, and 
finally changed to a dungeon. 
At the deepest part of the dungeon, there is said to be a source of power, a mana 
Crystal, and there is a protector that protects it (Boss). 
The mana Crystal is bait that has a strong temptation. 
The magical creatures that are drawn into the dungeon, will die from triggering a 
trap, starve to death, or be killed by the protector. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
245 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
The dungeon will absorb the mana from the magical creature. 
But, there is also the possibility where the magical creature eats the mana Crystal, 
or occasionally gets buried when the dungeon collapses. 
The dungeon sounds like a magical Creature because of this fuzzy description. 
Also the magical creatures are not the only ones drawn to the mana Crystal. 
Humans are also foolishly drawn to it. 
It seems that the mana Crystal can be used as a catalyst for magic, so the price for it 
is extremely high. Even though the price is determined by the size, even a small 
mana Crystal will sell for enough that one would be able to play around for a year. 
Furthermore, while the magical creatures are only eyeing the mana Crystal, humans 
aren't merely going for that. 
There are magical creatures that have years of mana in them, or there are adventurers' 
equipment that have been left behind. 
There is also another bait. 
Magic Items. 
Magic items are different in the sense that they do not use the user's mana and still 
cast magic. It's just that the majority of the magic Items do not have very useful 
abilities. 
Most of them are trash. 
But amongst them are cheat-like items that make even god ranked characters pale. 
If something like that is sold, they can earn tremendous amounts of money, and there 
are people who are drunk on the dream of getting rich overnight entering the 
dungeons. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
246 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
Most of them collapsed in their journey, and the mana that dungeons receive make 
it even bigger and deeper. 
And thus, there is a huge amount of treasure sleeping in the deepest part of the 
dungeon. 
There is a confirmation of the oldest and longest dungeon situated in the central 
continent of the red dragon's sacred mountain region - at the Dragon Crying 
mountain foothills [The Dragon-god's Hole]. According to articles, this has been 
around since 10,000 years ago. The estimated deepest part is at 2,500 floors. It's said 
that there is a certain hole that connects the top of the Dragon Crying mountain to 
the bottom of the dungeon, and if you jump from there you can reach the deepest 
part of the dungeon in an instant, but using that method no one is able to come up. 
Just to add on their hole doesn't spew lava. 
The Dragon-God's hole is meant to catch red dragons. 
Sometimes the dragon that passes by will be sucked in. 
The verification of this cannot be ensured, but since it's a magical Creature that has 
lived for 10,000 years, it wouldn't be strange if it's capable of doing something like 
this. 
Additionally, the dungeon that is recognized to be the hardest difficulty is situated 
in the Heaven's continent [THellJ] , and the center of Ringus's sea [The Demon- 
God's Cavern]. The entrance to these two places are very difficult to access, and it 
is very difficult to supply things there. It is said that the dungeon is very deep and 
there's no way to explore it step by step, so it's rated as the highest difficulty. 
The above is the knowledge that I know of the dungeons. 
[I read the things about dungeons in a book.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
247 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
[«The 3 swordsmen and the dungeon»? If you can explore the legendary 
dungeons like the book, you will definitely leave your name behind in history. Do 
you want to try working towards that?] 
— «The 3 swordsmen and the dungeon» 
The 3 genius swordsmen that later on went to become the Sword-God, the Water- 
God, and the North-God, who challenged a huge dungeon after several setbacks. 
During the journey they had laughter, fought amongst them and had farewells, and 
they finally succeeded in conquering the dungeon. 
The dungeon they went into is 100 floors deep. 
[Isn't that a made up story?] 
[That's not the case. It's said that the various styles came from the dungeon.] 
[Eh. But if it's so lucky to become a god ranked person, even if I try hard I won't 
become anything right?] 
[Father tried before. Rudi can certainly do it.] 
Later on Paul tells me a story, about a ghost race youth who entered with a human 
swordsman and entered the water-fish's nest dungeon, where they lost a companion 
but insisted on beating the water-fish race. There was a half baked magician who fell 
into the dungeon by accident, and was picked up by the party who had just lost their 
magician, and woke his dormant potential and became strong. 
He's telling me this as if he has been trying to find an opportunity. 
Come to think of it, Paul said he wanted me to become a swordsman. 
He must have thought that after I listen to the stories, read the «The 3 swordsmen 
and the dungeon», I will be in admiration of the terms, dungeons, adventurers and 
swordsmen. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
248 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
Dungeons. Interested. 
Even though I find it interesting, at the same time I find it's dangerous. 
That's because the characters that appear in the book died abruptly. 
In the book «The 3 swordsmen and the dungeon», there are other characters that 
appear besides the 3 swordsmen. 
But with the exception of the 3 swordsmen, they all died. 
Some of them got hit by a fireball and turned into charcoal. Some of them fell into 
a hole and turned into soup. One of them got cut into two when the adventurer's head 
raised up. They didn't receive a scratch from the magical creatures fight, but once 
they got careless they got wiped out by the traps. 
Even though the 3 swordsmen elegantly avoided the traps like protagonists, but I 
don't think someone as careless as me can avoid them. I'm the donkan type after all. 
[How about it? Adventurers are interesting right?] 
[Are you joking?] 
Why should I intentionally go to such a dangerous place like I'm seeking thrills. 
If it's possible I wish to be like Paul surrounded by women. 
[Chasing after girls' butts suits my character.] 
[My dream is to be like father to be surrounded by a few of them.] 
[Is that so, is that so. But it's better to chase after one butt.] 
Paul points to my back, and I turn back to find a sullen Sylphy behind me. 
Such misfortune. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
249 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
Part 4 
Recently in my room, I'm teaching Sylphy a lot of things. 
To explain the details of the theory behind voiceless incantation, it's faster to teach 
from the basics of physics and maths. 
Even though I'm the lowest in my class during middle school. I entered an idiot high 
school with much difficulty, only to stop in the middle of it. 
Therefore I can teach only a limited amount of things. 
Even though learning isn't everything in school, I regret that I didn't study more 
things. 
Sylphy has basically understood how to write and read, as well as 2 digits additions 
and subtraction. Teaching her the multiplication tables is a little harder, but she has 
a pretty sharp mind. I'm sure she will even catch on to division soon enough. 
Along with magic, I teach her about science. 
[Why does water that's heated up become steam.air?] 
[Well, the water vapor has evaporated into the air. But if you want to evaporate it, 
temperature is a must. So when you make it hot, it will be easier to evaporate.] 
I'm currently teaching her the concepts about evaporation, condensation, 
sublimation. 
[ . ?] 
A face full of incomprehension. 
But she's a straightforward kid, she absorbs things quickly. 
[Well, you should just know that anything will melt if you make it hot, and it will 
condense when it cools down.] 
Since I'm not a teacher, it should be enough like this. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
250 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
Sylphy's smarter than me. If she tries it out on her own, she will get it. If she uses 
magic I won't be afraid that there isn't enough experimentation. 
[Will rocks also melt too?] 
[You need a really high temperature.] 
[Can Rudi melt rocks?] 
[Of course.] 
Even though I say that I have never tried it. 
Recently I managed to roughly separate the air. Using this, I can forcefully add in 
oxygen and hydrogen, so I can achieve the temperature for melting a rock, but it's 
possible that I might bum myself, so I didn't want to try it. 
Just to add on, there's an advanced ranked magic called [Molten rocks]. 
No matter how you look at it, it's a melded magic that mixes earth and fire, but it's 
classified as advanced fire magic. Even though it's classified to a certain system, 
there's a relationship to other systems. If you want to increase the fire power you can 
just keep on pouring mana into it, but if you use combustible materials, you can 
increase the power more effectively. 
This is what I understand to this point. 
But that is it. 
My magic level didn't change very much from the time Roxy said her farewells. 
Even though I tried combining magic, or use various methods, or using science to 
increase the strength. 
Erom the surface, perhaps the level has risen quite a bit. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
251 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
But I'm feeling the bottleneck of it. With my knowledge, I am unable to accomplish 
something harder. If there's some difficulty in my past life, I could have searched it 
online, but this world doesn't have something so convenient. 
Who should I learn it from. 
[School?.] 
It seems there is a magic school. Even though Roxy has some slight criticism to the 
magic school, I should be able to enter it. 
[Is Rudi going to school?] 
I mutter to myself, and Sylphy looks at me with very uneasy eyes. 
Every time she turns her head, her green hair will also move. 
I told her with the frequency of every month [It's better to keep longer hair] has 
finally succeeded, lately Sylphy has started to let her hair grow. 
Even though the length is only about a girl's short hair, the slightly untidy emerald 
like hair will move along with her head. 
It feels great. 
There's just a bit left for a ponytail. 
[I won't go there. Eather also says I will get bullied and I can't learn anything there.] 
[But Rudi has been strange lately.] 
Really? 
I didn't realize that. Did I do something stupid again? 
Even though I'm carefully trying to act like a Donkan character in front of Sylphy. 
[I've been strange since birth.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
252 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
I reply with half of the intention to inquire about it, Sylphy creases her forehead and 
shakes her head. 
[That's not it. How should I put it? It's like you're not energetic.] 
Oh. That's what she means. 
I think too much. I thought I did something stupid again. 
I got worried by her. 
[That's because I'm feeling the bottleneck. I didn't improve much on magic and 
sword techniques.] 
[But.Rudi is really amazing?] 
[For my age it's probably so.] 
Indeed, in this world, I might be really amazing at my age. 
But, I still haven't done anything. Magic as well. I'm just relying on my past 
memories and managed to notice on how to use voiceless incantation, and do it 
slightly better than others. 
But because my past life's ability to memorize things is low, now I have already 
reached my limits, and I'm unable to advance. How many times have I regretted not 
being able to learn more things, now I can't relearn it. Also, my past life's common 
knowledge might not work here. There are many rules in this world that I don't know. 
I can't keep relying on my past memories right? 
Magic is this world's logic. 
So I need to understand this world. 
[I feel that it's time to move on to the next stage.] 
Sylphy's magic is getting better and better, and she has become smart. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
253 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
Looking at her, my heart is burning with anxiety. I'm useless for being the only one 
not moving forward. 
Even though I keep saying that I'm a donkan protagonist, after I grow up, I might be 
ditched by Sylphy. 
[Are you going somewhere?] 
Sylphy asks me with her brows creased. 
[Indeed. Father also says that it's better for me to become an adventurer and enter 
the dungeons, and there aren't a lot of things I can do in the village.If I want to I 
should either go to school or become an adventurer...] 
I didn't think too much and just randomly say it. 
[N....N 0 !] 
Sylphy suddenly shouts and hugs me. 
Woah. What what what's wrong? 
A love confession? 
When I am thinking about that, I realize Sylphy is trembling all over. 
[Miss Sylphy Ette?] 
[N, o, no.no!!] 
Sylphy tightly hugs me till the point I feel I can't breathe. 
Did Sylphy feel something over the lost and silent me. 
[N, no, don't go.Uuu, uuu, hie.] 
She sobs. 
Her small shoulders are trembling violently. Her face burying in my chest. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
254 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
.What, what. What's wrong? 
I first rub Sylphy's head, and softly pat her back. 
At the same time the butt.No, no I'm not Paul. 
Leave the butt alone. 
I wrap my arms around her back, and use my whole body to experience Sylphy's 
touch. 
She feels so warm and soft. I bury my face in her hair and I smell something nice. 
Ah, this is great. This, is really great.I feel like. 
[Uu, I don't want you to go. Don't go, anywhere.] 
I come back to my senses. 
[Ah, ahh.] 
I see. That's how it is. 
Recently, Sylphy has been coming to our home in the morning a lot more. 
Once she comes over she will look at me happily practicing sword techniques, then 
training magic or learning. 
We have been doing something like this. 
If I leave one day, Sylphy will be all alone. Even if she uses magic to chase the bad 
kids away, she won't make any friends. 
Once I think to there, my heart finds her to be even cuter. 
She's only liked by me. 
That's something that only belongs to me. 
[I got it, I got it. I won't go anywhere.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
255 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
I actually have to throw such a cute child behind to go somewhere else? 
Improving my magic? 
So what? I already can use saint ranked and advanced ranked magic, if something 
happens, I'll be a teacher like Roxy. Before I can reach the age of an adult. I'll spend 
my time with Sylphy. 
Let's do that. 
Growing up together, raising her a little to suit my taste. 
The Hikaru Genji projecti^ii. 
Hehehehehe. 
.Ha! 
Nooooo! Calm down calm down calm down. 
Didn't you decide to be a donkan type? 
Why did you suddenly plan that. 
But, but. 
A donkan type isn't a reason for doing a Hikaru Genji project.right? 
Wait! What am I thinking about!! 
But.... Bah. How much should I pretend not to know what this child feels? 
She's only 6 years old. 
She sticks very closely to me. I can feel her goodwill towards me. 
But, that shouldn't be in the sense of romantic love. 
Then let's keep that. 
But when should I keep that? 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
256 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
10 years old, 15 years old.or later.? 
What if I'm hated by Sylphy? 
Even though the like score is currently at MAX, there's no guarantee that it wont 
drop. 
During then, can I hold it in.? 
I.can't!! 
There are things humans can and cannot do!! 
Look at her. She's so soft, warm and gentle, and she smells so nice. 
She's trying to tell me her feelings, and I'm supposed to ignore that?! 
That's too strange right? 
If we're conscious of each other, I should move on to the next step. 
I shouldn't hold it in by myself and not move forward. We should move together as 
one!! 
Should I waste my time on mistakes? 
Even though I know it's a mistake and not correct it? 
I've decided!! I will raise Sylphy as a type that I like!! 
Oh, I'm giving up as the donkan type!! Sylphy-!! 
[Hey Rudi.There's a letter for you.] 
Paul comes in and I return from my [World]. 
I hurriedly push Sylphy away. 
That was too dangerous. I nearly became a scumbag boss character. 
I need to thank Paul. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
257 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
But this time I managed to hold onto my true feelings. I still have my limits. 
I managed to restrain myself this time. Can I restrain myself the next time.? 
The letter is from Roxy. 
[Dear Rudi: 
How have you been? 
Time really flies, it has been 2 years since our farewell. 
Now that I'm not continuing to drift, I can finally write a letter to you. 
I'm staying at the Shirone capital. It seems that I became famous after entering a 
dungeon as an adventurer, and I got hired as the Prince's home school tutor. 
Teaching the prince has made me recall of the days in the Greyrat family. 
The prince is similar to Rudeus. He's not as good as Rudi, but his magic potential is 
distinct and he's also very clever. Also, he's the same as you since he spies on me 
changing clothes, and steals my pantsu. He's always full of himself and is different 
from Rudeus in that department, but his actions are like yours. 
Should I attribute that to heroes being lustful? 
I'm worried if I'm going to be attacked during this employment period. 
What's so good about this weak and frail body. 
Ah, am I being impolite and disrespectful to the crown by writing all this.? 
Well, I'll talk about that later. I think it should be okay since I'm not saying bad 
things behind his back. The kingdom wants to appoint me as the court magician, 
even though it's for a limited time. 
It's just so that I'm doing magic research, that's a coincidence. 
Oh, that's right. I can finally use Water-King ranked magic. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
258 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
The library in Shirone kingdom has books related to Water-King ranked magic. 
I thought I was unable to take another step after learning saint ranked magic, but I 
can actually do it if I try. 
Rudeus must be capable of using Water-Emperor ranked magic by now. Or should 
I say, that all your other systems have reached saint ranked. The studious you might 
even have touched the Healing Magic or Summoning Magic by now right? 
Or have you started going onto the route of a swordsman? 
Even though there's a bit of a pity, but if it's Rudeus, no matter which road you 
choose it's okay. 
My target is to be a Water-God ranked magician. 
I have said before that if you find you have a bottleneck in magic, you can try 
knocking on Ranoa University's doors. 
If you don't have a written introduction, you will have to undergo a test. Though, if 
it's you, it should be easy to pass. 
Well then. I'll end it here. 
- Roxy 
PS: By the time you reply, I might not be in the kingdom, you don't need to reply.] 
This letter is such a wake-up call. 
Damn it. 
I search for Shirone on the map. 
It's a small country situated in the Central Continent southeast area. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
259 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
It's not too far away from a straight line. But the mountains in the Central Continent 
have red dragons, so there's no way to pass it and you need to go around a long way 
by the south side. 
A faraway kingdom. 
Furthermore, the Magic University in Ranoa requires traveling in a roundabout way 
to the Northwest. 
[Hm.] 
Roxy didn't teach me any king ranked magic. 
It's because she didn't know. 
On the reply letter I didn't write anything noteworthy. 
That's because I didn't want Roxy to know of my useless status. 
Even though I'm not sure how amazing I am in her eyes, I didn't want to disappoint 
her. 
But, coming back to think about it. Magic University? 
Roxy once said that it was fantastic there. 
But, it's too far away. 
I can't throw Sylphy away. 
What can I do.? 
Anyway, I added a PS on the letter: 
[Also, I'm sorry for stealing your pantsu.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
260 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
Part 5 
The 2nd day after the letter arrived, I state my thoughts when the family gathers. 
[Father, can I make a selfish request?] 
[No.] 
I get immediately refused. 
But, Zenith sitting on the side knocked on Paul's head. Lilia sitting on the other side 
also added an attack. 
Because of the pregnancy saga, Lilia also sits at the dining table to have her meal. 
In the past, she fulfilled her status as a maid by serving from the side, but she's now 
family. 
It's okay for polygamy in this country? 
Whatever. 
[Rudeus. Whatever you need just say it. Father will satisfy you.] 
Zenith says gently while looking at Paul who's grasping his head. 
[Young Master Rudeus has never said something selfish before. It's time to test 
Master's dignity and reliability.] 
Lilia helps me too. 
Paul straightens himself again, crosses his arms and raises his chin, making him look 
important. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
261 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
[Rudeus actually states he's has a selfish request. It must be something that's out of 
my league.] 
Paul gets hit again, and falls flat onto the table. 
These are the small jokes during family time. 
Then I tell them. 
[Actually, I feel that my magic learning has reached a bottleneck. I wish to go to 
Ranoa's University to learn.] 
[.Oh.] 
[But after I told this intention to Sylphy, she started to cry and doesn't want to be 
apart from me.] 
[Oh, this playboy, who do you resemble? Eh?] 
Paul get hits a 3rd time with a 2 chain attack. 
[So I want to go to school with her, but her family isn't as well off as ours. So, I want 
to make a request to pay school fees for both of us.] 
[Oh.] 
Paul puts both of his elbows on the table, and uses a sharp gaze on me like a superior 
officer. 
This is the gaze he uses when he holds a sword. 
The only moment when Paul deserves respect. 
[No.] 
Paul says the same thing as before. 
This time it's real. 
Zenith and Lilia are also quiet. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
263 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
[There are 3 reasons. 
Number 1, you're still learning sword techniques. If you put them down now, your 
skill will become undeveloped. As your teacher, I can't let you put them down now. 
Number 2, about money. If it's only you, we can still handle it, but we can't do that 
if you want us to handle Sylphy's as well. The fees for the Magic University are not 
cheap, our household's money isn't like hot water where you can constantly run it. 
Number 3, your age. You're only 7 years old. Even though you're a smart kid, there 
are many things you don't know. Your experience is severely insufficient. We can't 
throw away our responsibilities as parents.] 
As I thought, that didn't work. 
But I'm not giving up. 
Paul is different from the past. He will think about it and give reasons. That means 
if I satisfy these 3 conditions it will be fine. Don't be anxious. I don't need to go right 
now. 
[I understand. Father. Then, I'll continue practicing sword techniques as usual, about 
the age problem how many years do I need to wait?] 
[That's right.15, before you're 12 years old you must stay at home.] 
12 years old hm. 
I remember you're an adult once you're 15 years old. 
[Can I ask why it's 12 years old?] 
[Because when I left home, I was 12.] 
[I see, I got it.] 
12 years old to Paul is something that can't be negotiated. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
264 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
Since I don't want to belittle his pride as a male, I can only shut up and nod. 
[Then the final problem.] 
[Oh.] 
[Please introduce a job to me. Since I am literate, and able to use math, I can become 
a home tutor or teach magic. It's best if the salary is high.] 
[Job? Why?] 
Paul looks at me with serious eyes, as if to intimidate me. 
[I'll earn Sylphy's school fees.] 
[.This can't be said that it's good for Sylphy.] 
[Yes. But this is for myself.] 
[ . ] 
Silence persisted for a while. 
It's not a comfortable atmosphere for me. 
[Is that right.I see.] 
Paul seems to have thought of something and nods. 
[I got it. I can help you ask about it if it's this matter.] 
Paul uses a reliable expression to reply to me. It's different from Zenith and Lilia's 
troubled expressions. 
[Thank you very much.] 
I lower my head in thanks, and dinner continues. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
265 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
Part 6 
-Paul's POV- 
I can't believe Rudeus said something like that. 
My son is growing up too fast. 
It's usually when one at least reaches the age of 14 or 15 before they say something 
like that. 
Even for me I was 11 years old, which is when my Sword-God style reached the 
advanced rank. 
People who are unable to say something like that will never be able to say that in 
their life. 
[If you rush ahead too fast, you will die early.huh.] 
Once before, a warrior said something like that to me. 
Of course, I ignored him when I heard that. 
The people living around me are just too leisurely. The time when the human race 
has power is very short, but no one wants to run. The things that can be done should 
be finished completely. Even if you get blamed for it, when it reaches to that point 
one can talk about it later on. 
Well, even though I did all that and had a kid, I relied on my relatives on the noble 
side for a way to become a knight. 
I'll put this aside first. 
Rudeus's lifestyle is even more urgent. 
I felt worried when I looked at him. 
The people around me when I was young must have also thought of the same thing. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
266 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
But Rudeus is different from me who's wild. Anything he does is all planned out. 
Is that Zenith's blood? 
[Well, let father tie you for a bit longer.] 
I wrote a letter as I thought that. 
A few days ago Rawls also discussed a matter with me. Sylphy's sticking way too 
much to Rudeus. 
From Sylphy's viewpoint, Rudeus must be a prince charming who rescued her from 
a hell-like childhood. Teaching her various things like an older brother, and finally 
realizing their difference in gender. Rawls also said, if Rudeus can win her over it 
will be for the best. 
I also thought that having such a cute kid as a daughter in law wouldn't be bad, but 
when I listened to Rudeus today I changed my mind. 
Right now the situation is about the level of brainwashing.[421 
I have seen that type many times during the time when I was with the nobles. 
Relying overly on their parents. People who are like dolls. 
Although it's still okay if the relied people are still there. 
Even if it's a doll, you can still act out an interesting play if you control it well. If 
Rudeus still loves Sylphy, she will be alright. 
But Rudeus has inherited my blood. 
The blood with a fondness for women. 
It's possible to have another relationship with a woman by accident. No, since he 
inherited my blood, he will definitely do it and more. 
In the end, it's possible that Sylphy won't get chosen. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
267 
Chapter 10 - Bottleneck 
At that point, the abandoned Sylphy will be unable to stand. Like a broken doll, she 
will never stand again. 
I will not allow that to happen, that my son caused such a cute kid's life to be 
destroyed. It's not a good thing for my son either. 
I write a letter. 
I pray that I receive a satisfactory answer. 
But the next thing. 
How can I convince my son who's good at arguing. 
I guess I'll use brute force. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
268 
Chapter 11 - Separation 
Chapter 11 - Separation 
Part 1 
It has been a month since I told Paul I wanted to work. 
Today, Paul receives a letter. 
I feel that a reply is about to be given to me, so I prepare myself. 
It will most likely be after sword training, after lunch, or maybe dinner. 
As I think about it, I continue to train in sword techniques earnestly. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
269 
Chapter 11 - Separation 
Part 2 
As I continue training, Paul says: 
[Rudi, I want to ask you something.] 
[What is it, father?] 
I listen to Paul carefully with a stiff expression. 
After all, this is my first job including my past life. 
I need to work hard. 
[You.Ah. If I wanted you to separate from Sylphy, what would you think?] 
[Huh? Of course I don't want to.] 
[That's true.] 
[What's wrong?] 
[No, nothing at all. Even if I told you, you would turn things from black into white.] 
The instant he says that. 
Paul completely changes. 
A blood thirst emits from him to the point that I can feel it even though I'm a novice. 
[Eh!?] 
[ . !!] 
Paul takes a step forward along with a silent pressure. 
Death. 
This word flashes across my mind. 
I instinctively use all my magic to attack Paul. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
270 
Chapter 11 - Separation 
An explosive wind is ereated in between Paul and I, using wind and fire magie at the 
same time. 
I jump baekwards, boosted by the hot wind pushing me baekwards. 
I have simulated this many times. 
With Paul as an opponent, there's no ehanee of winning if I don't pull away from 
him. 
Even though the explosive wind does damage to me, I ean gain some distanee if I 
ean frighten away the opponent. 
But Paul pays no attention to it, and eharges forward like the earlier pose he had. 
(It's ineffeetive after all!!) 
Even though I expeeted it, I still feel dread welling up. 
I need to take the next step for evasive maneuvers. 
The baek is impossible. The opponent is moving forward too quiekly. 
I instinetively think of that. I ereate a shoek wave to hit my body on the side. 
With the foree of the shoek wave, my body flies to the side. 
The sound of the wind being eut grazes my ear, making my body break into eold 
sweat. 
I see Paul's sword swinging where my head was earlier. 
Good. 
The first strike has been avoided. This point is advantageous. Even though the 
distance is still very close, I can take the next step to pull away. 
I can see my victory. 
I sink the earth where this guy is going to step next. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
271 
Chapter 11 - Separation 
Paul steps onto that small pitfall. 
Just when I think of that, he shifts his body weight instantly on the other leg, and 
eontinues to eharge at me without delay. 
(It's not good enough if you don't disable both legs at the same time!?) 
I ereated a marsh at my feet. 
Before I sink, I east a water eurrent and slide baekwards like I'm skiing. 
(Shit, it's too late.!) 
It was too late when I had this idea. 
Paul steps onto the solid ground on the edge of the marsh. 
The force that he stepped on makes the ground sink. 
There's only one more step left to come close to me. 
[U, uaahhhll] 
I use the sword to engage him in panic. 
A clumsy strike that doesn't belong to any style. 
I feel a slippery, hateful feeling on my hands as I swing the sword with brute force. 
(It has been deflected by the Water-God style.) 
I only know that. 
After the Water-God Style deflection comes the counter attack. 
Even though I know that, I can't react to it. 
Like a slow motion cut scene, Paul's sword swings towards my neck. 
(Ah. luckily it's a wooden sword.) 
My consciousness dives towards darkness as I feel the strike on my neck. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
272 
Chapter 11 - Separation 
Part 3 
When I wake up, I find myself in a small box. 
I feel the surroundings move shakily, and I guess that I'm in the middle of some 
mode of transport. 
I try to sit up, but I can't even move a finger. I lower my head, and I find myself 
wrapped in ropes like a bamboo mat. 
Layers after layers of tight wrapping. 
(What happened.?) 
I turn my neck and find a huge Nee-chan sitting in front of me. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
273 
Chapter 11 - Separation 
Chocolate skin, a revealing leather outfit, rippling muscles, and full of scars all over 
her body. 
Wearing an eye patch with sculpted like face gives off an Anego^'^^' vibe. 
This Nee-chan completely feels like a female amazon warrior from some fantasy 
story. 
Also she has beast like ears and a tail like a tiger's. Her fur is very thick. 
Is she from a beast race? 
She notices that I'm looking at her and meets her eyes with mine. 
[How do you do, my name is Rudeus Greyrat. I'm sorry to speak with you under 
such circumstances.] 
I offer my name first. The basics in conversation is to speak first. 
You can hold the initiative if you strike first. 
[You're really polite for Paul's son.] 
[That's because I'm also my mother's child.] 
[That's true. You're also Zenith's son.] 
I feel slightly relieved when I see that she knows my parents. 
[I'm Ghyslaine Please give me your regards from tomorrow onwards.] 
From tomorrow onwards? 
What's she talking about? 
[Erm, thanks. Please give me your regards too.] 
[Aaa.] 
In any case I use fire magic to bum the ropes. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
275 
Chapter 11 - Separation 
My whole body is in pain. Is it beeause I slept in a funny posture? 
I stretehed out. 
A sense of freedom. 
Even though I'm already used to a small room and moving only my fingers, being 
tied up in front of this very S looking sister makes me feel somewhat weird. 
I look at my surroundings, and where I am ean only be deseribed as a small box. 
There's an area for one to sit on, so I sit opposite of Ghyslaine. 
There are windows on both sides, and one ean look outside. It's a grassland that I 
have never seen before. 
As expeeted. I'm in some form of transport. 
The shaking is tremendous, and I feel like I will get earsiek if I ride on this for too 
long. 
There's a pitpat sound eoming from the front. Probably a horse. 
Whieh means I'm in a earriage. 
Why am I with this maeho nee-ehan sitting in a earriage? 
.Hah!! 
Could, eould it be, that I've been abdueted by this musele woman!? 
Does she want the lovable me as a toy for eomfort purposes!? 
No, I, I don't really mind museular women, but I already gave my heart to a girl 
named Sylphy. 
Can you please be gentle the first time.? 
Nonononono!! 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
276 
Chapter 11 - Separation 
C-e-ealm down. I need to ealm down during this time. 
Counting prime numbers ean allow me to ealm down. 
Prime numbers are numbers that ean only be divisible by one or them self.This 
is what the Priest-san who has given me eourage said before. 
3, 5, and then, 11? What's next, 13? Then, then next is. 
I CAN’T REMEMBER!! 
Prime numbers whatever I need to ealm down. 
Cool down and think. Why have I landed in this situation? 
Good. Breathe in deeply. 
[In.hale.] 
Good. 
Let's rearrange things from what I know. 
Eirst, Paul suddenly attaeked me and eaused me to faint. 
Onee I woke up, I found myself tied up in a horse earriage. 
I'm afraid he knocked me unconscious for some reason and threw me in a horse 
carriage. 
There's a woman who said, "Please give me your regards", in this horse carriage. 
Coming back to Paul, he said something strange before he attacked me. 
Something about leaving Sylphy. Something about Sylphy's too good for you. She's 
not your thing. 
T-that damnable lolicon.Is he trying to lay his hands on my Sylphy!? 
Wait. He didn't say something like that in the second half? 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
277 
Chapter 11 - Separation 
Hm? 
I don't understand when it eomes to the part about Sylph. 
Damnation. It's all Paul's fault.! 
Well, let me try asking first. 
[Exeuse me.] 
[You ean eall me Ghyslaine.] 
[Ah, then eall me Rudi-ehan.] 
[I got it. Rudi-ehan.] 
Looks like she's the type who doesn't get jokes. 
[Ghyslaine-san. Did you hear anything from father?] 
[Call me Ghyslaine. You don't need to add -san.] 
Ghyslaine says that while retrieving a letter from her poeket^^^^l 
And she passes it to me. I take it, but there's nothing on the envelope. 
[Paul gave me that letter. You read it. Beeause I don't know how to read, you need 
to speak it out loud.] 
[Okay.] 
I open the letter and start reading. 
[TTo my dear son, Rudeus. 
By the time you read this letter, I will probably not be in this world anymore.]] 
[What!?] 
Ghyslaine shouts in surprise and stands up. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
278 
Chapter 11 - Separation 
The earriage's eeiling is surprisingly high. 
[Please sit down Ghyslaine. There's more.] 
[Hm. Is that so.] 
She sits down obediently. 
I eontinue reading. 
[T-This is the first time I want to try writing a joke. You got bested badly by 
me, and after that you got sadly knoeked uneonseious and tied up with ropes and 
thrown into the earriage like an imprisoned prineess. I think you're not elear on what 
happened, and you ean ask that musele daruma.Even though I want to say that, 
that fellow's brain is made up of museles, so she eouldn't explain it properly for sure. 
[What!?] 
Ghyslaine shouts in anger and stands up. 
[Please sit down Ghyslaine. The next few lines are in praise of you.] 
[Hm, is that so.] 
She sits down obediently. 
I eontinue reading. 
[TShe's a Sword-king. 
If you want to learn sword teehniques, you won't find anyone better unless you go 
to the holy grounds of the swordsmen. Her strength ean be guaranteed by Father. I 
have never won onee against her.Exeept in bed.J] 
Don't write useless stuff, idiotie dad. 
But Ghyslaine looks pleased. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
279 
Chapter 11 - Separation 
That guy's really popular. 
But you're really strong, Ghyslaine-san. 
[TWell, talking about your job, you're appointed as a home tutor for the young lady 
staying in the eity of Roa within the Fedoa region. I hope you ean teaeh her language, 
math, and simple magie. She's an extremely willful lady, and violent to the point 
where the sehool has requested her not to eome anymore. And up to this point, she 
has driven away several home tutors.But, I think if it's you, you will be able to 
solve it.J] 
Solve what? This is so irresponsible. 
[Is Ghyslaine very willful?] 
[I'm not the young lady.] 
[That's true.] 
I eontinue reading. 
[[The musele Daruma is the bodyguard hired for the young lady and the sword tutor. 
She seems to want you to teaeh the young lady magie and language, in exehange for 
teaehing you the sword. Please don't laugh at her for having museles for brain. She 
will beeome serious (Laughs).J] 
[What.?] 
There's a vein popping out from Ghyslaine's forehead. 
This letter might be explaining the situation, but at the same time, it is probably 
trying to get a rise out of Ghyslaine. 
What relationship do these two have? 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
280 
Chapter 11 - Separation 
[TEven though her teaehing eapabilities aren't good, it's quite worth it if you ean 
save on lesson feesj 
Lesson fees. 
1 see. I'm to learn sword teehniques from this person. Beeause Paul belongs to the 
instinetive, he helped me find a better teaeher. 
Or did he feel despair over me who didn't improve at all? 
Can you please take responsibility till the end.? 
[How mueh would one usually need if they wanted to learn from Ghyslaine?] 
[2 Asuran Gold Coins for 1 month.] 
2 Asuran Gold Coins!! 
Even if it's Roxy, she only reeeived 5 Asuran Silver Coins per month. 
4 times the amount. I see. It's indeed worth it. 
Just to add on, I person needs around 2 Asuran Silver Coins per month for living 
expenses. 
rYou're going to stay at the young lady's house for the next 5 years to teaeh her. 
In these 5 years, you're forbidden from going home or writing letters. Beeause of 
you, Sylphy is unable to beeome independent. Not only that, even you're beeoming 
dependent on her, so I'm foreing you to live apart. J] 
[Wh.at.?] 
Eh, why? 
Wait. 
.Eh? 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
281 
Chapter 11 - Separation 
Are you kidding me? I ean't meet Sylphy for 5 years? 
And I ean't write letters? 
[What's wrong? Have you separated from your sweetheart, Rudi-ehan?] 
I showed a faee of despair and Ghyslaine seems to ask me in a pleasant manner. 
[No, I was just ehased out of the house by a father who isn't like an adult.] 
I didn't even have the time to bid farewell. 
You really did it, Paul. 
[Don't be so sad, Rudi-ehan.] 
[Erm.] 
[What?] 
[I think I would like you to eall me Rudeus.] 
[Ah, I got it.] 
But onee I think about it rationally, Paul is also really right here. 
Indeed, if Sylphy grows up like this, she might beeome like an Osananajimi in a 
poorly made Eroge. Always stieking to the protagonist, and treating the protagonist 
as if he's the world and be a satellite revolving around him. A eharaeter without a 
self identity. 
If it's in the real world, getting along with friends in sehool, that reliance will 
gradually disappear over the process of learning things, but Sylphy doesn't have 
friends because of her hair color. 
Even after 5 years, the possibility of her sticking to me is very big. 
Even though that's okay for me, the surrounding adults don't think that. 
Which is good. Not a bad judgment. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
282 
Chapter 11 - Separation 
[Tin regards to your salary, you're being paid 2 Asura Silver Coins every month. 
Even though it's eheaper than the average home tutors, it's quite a lot for a ehild's 
pocket money. If you're free, go to the city to learn how to use money. The thing 
about money is that if you don't use it normally, you wouldn't use it well in an 
emergency. Although, I feel that my son will still use it well even if he doesn't learn 
how to.Ah, even if you make a mistake don't use it to buy women okay?J] 
I already told you not to write this useless stuff. 
Or is it that? Something like ost*ich club^^^^? 
Please don't do that. 
r And then. After 5 years, if you didn't give up on teaching the young lady language, 
math, and magic. As a special reward, the employer will pay the university fee 
amounting to 2 people's worth. Such is the contract.]] 
I see. 
In these 5 years, if I take the home tutor job seriously, he will fulfill what I want to 
do. 
[TWell, Sylphy might not want to follow you 5 years later, and your passion might 
cool down and have a change of heart. We will persuade Sylphy on this matter 
seriously. Jj 
Persuade seriously.I have a bad feeling. Papan^^^^l 
Hi wish you well within these 5 years. To learn all sorts of things at a new place, 
and reach a greater height. 
- The great intelligent Father Paul.]] 
What intelligence.!? 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
283 
Chapter 11 - Separation 
Didn't you use brute foree!!? 
But this time, his judgment makes me tip my hat off. 
Doing things for me, and for Sylphy as well. 
Even though Sylphy might beeome alone, if she doesn't solve things by herself, she 
won't be able to grow up no matter whenever. 
It's not okay to rely only on me. 
[Paul really loves you.] 
Ghyslaine says. I laugh wryly and reply: 
[We were pretty eold before this. But onee he saw that we were pretty similar, he 
got elose to me. But, isn't Ghyslaine the same.] 
[Hm? What about me?] 
I read out the last line. 
ITPS: If the young lady is agreeable with you, it's okay if you lay your hands on her, 
but the musele Daruma is my woman, so don't toueh her.J] 
[He said that.] 
[Hmph. Send that letter to Zenith.] 
[Got it.] 
Just like that, I was set to head off to the largest eity in the Fedoa region, Roa. 
Even though I have many ideas about this. I'll set them aside. I should wake up a 
little. Mmm, this is just as well. I ean't be with Sylphy. I don't have any regrets. 
Mmm. 
I keep telling myself that. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
284 
Chapter 11 - Separation 
(But I really want to see her at least onee a year.) 
My heart still has some reservations. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
285 
Chapter 11 - Separation 
Part 4 
-Paul's POV- 
[T-that was dangerous.] 
I look down at my son who fainted and my dirtied shoes. 
Because today is the last day I'll be teaching him how to use the sword, I wanted to 
act seriously to scare him by showing the dignity of a father, but I didn't imagine 
that he would use magic against me with lightning reflexes. 
Not to attack me, but to restrain my movements by using magic. 
And, that is all different kinds of magic. 
[As expected of my son. His combat sense is amazing.] 
Even though it was just an instant, I actually had to use 3 steps when I completely 
took him by surprise. 
Especially on the last step. If I had any hesitation, my legs would have been 
restrained and wiped out immediately. 
Taking 3 steps against a magician. If there were other companions, they would have 
covered his left and right to protect him. Or if he was further away, I would have 
needed a fourth step. 
I lost completely on the contents. 
Even if you just throw him into some party to search in a dungeon, he would be 
useful enough as a magician. 
[As expected of a genius who made a Water-Saint ranked magician lose her 
confidence.] 
My son is utterly terrifying. 
But, I'm delighted. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
286 
Chapter 11 - Separation 
In the past, I would have felt only jealousy when someone was more talented than 
me, but unexpeetedly, when it eomes to my son, I only feel pleased. 
[Ah, now is not the time to talk about this. If I don't hurry up Rawls and the rest are 
all going to eome.] 
I quiekly tie my uneonseious son up with rope, and throw him into the horse earriage 
whieh just arrived. 
The timing is just right, Rawls is eoming over. 
Sylphy too. 
[Rudi!?] 
Sylphy sees the tied up Rudi and plans to reseue him. Suddenly easting intermediate 
ranked magie with voieeless ineantations. Even though I easily avoid them, the 
magie has speed and power besides the voieeless ineantation. 
If it was anyone else they would have probably died. 
What the heck did this Rudi teach? 
I pass the letter to Ghyslaine, placed Rudi in the horse carriage and told the driver to 
set off. 
I look towards the side, and Rawls is kneeling beside Sylphy teaching her something. 
That's right. Teaching is the parents' job. The portion that was given to Rudi must 
be taken back by your own hands, Rawls. 
I sigh, and use warm eyes to look at them, then I hear Sylphy's voice in the wind. 
[I understand. I will become strong to help Rudi.!!] 
Mmm, you're being loved, my son. 
Seeing this scene, my two wives come out from the house. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
287 
Chapter 11 - Separation 
Beeause it would be dangerous, I told them to wateh from inside the house, but they 
are probably eoming out now to see him off. 
[Ah, my eute Rudi's leaving.] 
[Madam. This is training.] 
[I know Lilia. Oooh, ooh Rudeus!! Go ahead and venture off ehild!! The poor me 
whose sole ehild has been snatehed away!!] 
[Madam, young master is no longer the sole ehild.] 
[That's true. There're already two sisters.] 
[Two.!! M-madam!!] 
[It's okay Lilia. I will also love your ehild!! Beeause, I, also love you!!] 
[Ooh!! Madam, me too!!] 
They aet out such a scene while seeing the horse carriage off. 
Because Rudeus excels so much, these two shouldn't worry so much. 
But coming back to them, these two have such a good relationship. It would be nice 
if they were as good to me. 
Or should I say, I will be happy if they don't work together so well to bully me. 
[But when the other children grow up, Rudi won't be here....] 
Rudi seems to be planning to be a cool older onii-chan. Too bad. 
My cute daughters' love will be monopolized by me. 
Ho ho. 
Wait a minute. After this, Rudeus will receive training from the talented trainer 
Sword-king Ghyslaine. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
288 
Chapter 11 - Separation 
5 years later, he will be 12 years old. His body will be very fit. 
Once he returns he will be able to use magic and do a mock battle with me. Will I 
be able to win against Rudeus? 
Oh shit. My dignity as a father will be in danger 5 years from now. 
[Mrs. Greyrat, and Lilia. Since Rudeus is gone, I want to start training a wee bit.] 
Zenith shows a surprised look. Lilia whispers into Zenith's ears. 
[It's because he nearly lost to young master Rudeus. He's feeling danger now.] 
[He's always been like that. He won't put in effort unless he nearly loses.] 
Dob. This father's dignity is already in danger. 
(Well, it's not really a concern when it comes to dignity) 
Because I know how a father who always shows off his dignity looks like, I think 
from the bottom of my heart that I'll just be a useless Ossan who constantly has 
trouble with women. The target is a father who cares without being overbearing. At 
least before the 3 children become adults. 
I look at Zenith. 
Her body is good enough to let people feel that she hasn't given birth twice. 
(Well, that will be extended until she has the fourth or fifth. Hebe.) 
Putting aside the fourth or something. 
(Rudeus.) 
I also don't like that method. 
But, even if I tell you that you wouldn't listen, and I don't have the confidence to 
persuade you. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
289 
Chapter 11 - Separation 
But just watehing and not doing anything would be a failure as parents. Sinee I don't 
have enough ability, I ean only request other people, but that is it. Even though I did 
it with brute foree, the intelligent you should be able to understand that. 
No, even if you don't understand that, it's okay. 
The things that will happen there will not be experienced in this village. Even if you 
don't understand, just react to the things in front of you and that will become your 
strength. 
So hate me. 
Hate me and curse that you're not capable of opposing me. 
That is how I grew up with my father oppressing me. 
Since I am unable to oppose my father, I left my home. 
I regretted over it and reflected over it. I don't wish for you to experience the same 
thing. 
But I got strength from leaving home. 
Even though I don't know if this strength can win against my father, I got the woman 
I want, protected the things I wanted to protect, and at least I was able to suppress 
my young son. 
If you want to oppose me, then go ahead. 
After you bring back strength. 
Gather enough strength that wouldn't lose against this brutish father. 
Looking out to Rudeus's horse carriage, Paul thinks that to himself. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
290 
Special Chapter - The Mother in Greyrat's Household 
Special Chapter - The Mother in Greyrat's Household 
Part 1 
My name is Zenith Greyrat. 
I was bom in the holy country of Mills. It is a country with a long history. It's very 
suitable to describe the country as beautiful but inflexible. 
I am bom as the second daughter of that country's earl family. 
I was a flower in a greenhouse during that time. I thought that everything I saw in 
my surroundings was the entire world. Such was my ignorance. 
Although it's not really suitable to say it myself, I felt that I was a good child. 
Never going against my parents' requests, and my grades in school were excellent. 
I followed all of Milis's church teachers, and I had a smooth time learning social 
etiquette. 
I was even termed as [TMilis's young lady standard]] . 
My parents also must have felt that I was a daughter to be proud of. 
But I continued to grow that way. I would one day be in a party with an arranged 
marriage. 
That will most likely be the eldest son from a random earl family. Straight as an 
arrow, with a proud heart, and keeping Milis's teachings as his absolute principles. 
A prime example in the Milis's nobles. I'll be married to someone like that. Giving 
birth to children. And I'll be an earl's wife who wouldn't feel ashamed no matter 
where I went, and be annexed in the holy country of Milis's nobles' list. 
That is my life. A [road] for the Milis's noble's daughters. 
But I didn't walk on that [road]. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
291 
special Chapter - The Mother in Greyrat's Household 
On the day I became an adult, when I was 15. 
I fought with my parents. I revolted against my parents and left home. 
There was a reason why I had hated the requests from my parents that I had always 
followed. 
I had felt jealousy over my sister who was wilder than me. 
With various reasons, I turned my back on my [road]. 
It is very difficult to continue living if nobles turn away from their [road]. 
But the fortunate thing is that I had learned healing magic in the noble school. And 
I managed to learn to the intermediate rank. 
Although the holy country of Mills is a country that's very advanced in healing magic 
and barrier magic, most of the people will only learn healing magic until the 
elementary rank. If one learns healing magic to the intermediate rank, that person 
can work in Milis's hospital, so it is heavily favored upon in school. 
And thus, I arrogantly believed that I would be able to go living on very well when 
I reached there. 
I was too naive. 
The me who didn't even know where to sort out a place to stay immediately got 
targeted by bad guys. 
They told me they were [Currently hiring a magic healer], and hired me who didn't 
know the market value into their party. Their offer was much lower than elementary 
ranked magic healers, but they insisted that they paid out a higher price. 
I was foolish enough to trust their skin-deep sincerity, even though there were many 
good people in the world. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
292 
special Chapter - The Mother in Greyrat's Household 
If I followed them, I would have been asked to do things that were much worse. 
Being used as a shield against magical creatures, or to have kept using magic until I 
fainted. And I might have even been asked to give up my body. 
And the one preventing all this was the young warrior Paul Greyrat. 
After teaching the bad guys a lesson, he forcefully took me back to his traveling 
party. 
If their party member Elinalize didn't explain to me in detail, I would have thought 
Paul was a bad person. 
In any case. This was how Paul and I met. 
At first, I hated Paul. 
He's obviously a former Asuran noble, but the way he speaks is like a thug. 
Frequently breaking his promises, and getting rash easily. Greedy, condescending to 
me, and likes to feel other people's butt, and completely doesn't hide his perverted 
thoughts. 
But I know he's not a bad guy. 
Even though he looked down on me and mocked me for not understanding how the 
world works, he always said that there was no choice, and helped me out. 
Paul's the complete opposite of me, but he's reliably wild and actually quite dashing. 
It didn't take very long until I fell in love with him. 
But he has many charming ladies around him, and I'm a follower of Mills. 
Milis's teaching has [A couple must only love each other] as its doctrine. 
Even though I left home, I was raised up with these teachings around me, and it's 
also taught in school as common sense, and thus the Mills teachings have been 
deeply engraved in my heart. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
293 
special Chapter - The Mother in Greyrat's Household 
Then on one day I said it. 
[If you don't sleep with any other woman again, I can sleep with you.] 
He agreed to it with a smile. 
I knew he was lying. 
But I still thought that was not a problem. 
If I get lied to, I can give up on him completely. 
But I was still too foolish. Too careless. Too naive. 
Because I actually got pregnant after one time.i'^®] 
I didn't know what to do. I was extremely uneasy. 
I didn't think at all that Paul would actually take responsibility and marry me. 
And the child that I gave birth to, 
Rudeus Greyrat. 
-Rudi. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
294 
special Chapter - The Mother in Greyrat's Household 
Part 2 
Rudeus is sitting beside his sisters' cradles. 
His expression is very serious. 
His face is reminiscent of Paui's shadow. He has his iips tightiy ciosed, and keeps changing 
giances from his sisters. 
[Ah-, Ah-—!] 
The moment Nom mumbles, Rudeus's expression tightens. 
And in the next moment. 
[Burururu.] 
Rudeus sticks out his tongue and makes a funny face. 
[Yaa, waa, ha, tial] 
Nom smiles happily, looking at his expression. 
Rudeus nods at Norn's smile, satisfied, and changes back to the serious expression. 
[Wuuu, ah!] 
This time it's Aisha who talks. 
And Rudeus immediately moves to her side. 
[Arbububu.] 
He squeezes his face and does something strange. 
[Gyaa— Ah, ah.] 
And Aisha smiles happily too. 
Rudeus shows the same smile as when he did it to Nom. 
Rudeus keeps repeating that from just now. 
[Haha.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
295 
special Chapter - The Mother in Greyrat's Household 
I chuckle a little when I see Rudeus's smile. 
That's because Rudeus doesn't smile much. 
He always seems to be unsatisfied with something. Regardless of learning magic or 
the sword, he's always doing something with a serious expression. 
He has never even smiled in front of his parents. 
Even if he smiles, it is made on purpose. 
But he's showing that expression to his sisters, and smiles satisfactorily after seeing 
his sisters' smiles. 
I feel happy just looking at him. 
It is very different from before. 
[Phew.] 
I sigh when I think of Rudeus when he was younger. 
I was overjoyed when I saw Rudeus's magic talent, but after a while, I started to 
suspect whether Rudeus was looking down on his parents, not loving them. 
Because Rudeus wasn't close to me at all. 
[.But that's not the truth.] 
What changed my mind was the time with the pregnancy incident. 
Lilia got pregnant and Paul admitted to it. 
That time I felt I was betrayed. 
Betrayed by Paul. Even betrayed by Lilia. 
Especially when Paul broke his promise. My anger almost reached the point where 
it nearly exploded. If I had failed to restrain even for one second, I would have 
screamed and thrown Lilia out, or I might have even left. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
296 
special Chapter - The Mother in Greyrat's Household 
Before the marriage, I thought to myself once he lies to me, I would give up on him 
and leave him. 
I had forgotten about it, but it has continued to reside in my heart. 
My emotions had been pressured to the point of destroying the entire family. 
But Rudeus dispelled my thoughts. 
He acted out like a child and solved the situation neatly. 
Even though what he did wasn't considered right. 
Even if I based it on Rudeus's speech, I couldn't forgive Paul. 
But I saw the truth of his inner heart within Rudeus's speech. 
[I am uneasy over the break down of the family's relationship.] 
I thought it over when I found out about this point. 
This child is treasuring his family in his own ways. 
When I think of that, my suspicion over whether he loves his family disappears. 
And at the same time, I easily forgave Paul and Lilia. 
If Rudeus wasn't there, it wouldn't be that way. 
[Hm, Nom-chan's really cute. You will become as beautiful as Mother. If you grow 
up, let's shower together.] 
Rudeus holds Norn's small hands to coax her. 
The usual Rudeus, who's always so serious, is fawning his sister in a childish 
manner. That's really- 
(Too reliable.) 
I found Rudeus to be amazing. But recently, he's also very reliable. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
297 
special Chapter - The Mother in Greyrat's Household 
It was utterly exhausting when Norn and Aisha were born. 
The two girls cry day and night, and after feeding them, they would vomit. When 
we washed their bodies in the water, they would defecate in there. 
Even though Lilia says this is normal, that this is how it is, I still couldn't sleep at 
night. 
But Rudeus has done many things for the babies. 
The way he does it is very skilled. 
As if he has done it before. 
It can't be possible that he still remembers how he was taken care of. He must have 
watched how Lilia did it. 
As expected of Rudeus. 
Even though it makes me unsatisfied that he does it better than his parents, in truth, 
it's a really big help. 
I have never heard of or seen any child who's as reliable as Rudeus, who can take 
care of his sisters that were just born. 
Looking at Rudeus, I'm reminded of my brother in the holy country of Mills. He's as 
serious as Rudeus. Studious and talented, and praised by father to be an example for 
nobles, but he's overly cold to his family, and treated his sister like air. 
Even though he's impressive as a noble, I can't respect him as my brother. 
But Rudeus probably won't be like that. 
He will definitely become a brother respected by his sisters. 
In fact. He even plans it that way. When he was looking at his sisters with Paul, he 
declared [My goal is to be a respected brother]. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
298 
special Chapter - The Mother in Greyrat's Household 
I can't wait to see how Rudeus, Norn, and her sister grow up to be. 
[Ah! Wahhhl] 
Nom starts crying while I think of that. 
Rudeus' body trembles a little, and he makes a face for her. 
[Wahl Wahl] 
But Nom doesn't stop crying. 
Rudeus touches her diapers to check whether she peed, picks her up, and looks at 
her back for rashes while Nom sobs in tears. 
If it was me, I would have certainly yelled for Lilia to help out. Then I remember 
that Lilia went out to buy things. I start to panic. 
But Rudeus isn't in panic. 
He eliminates every reason, claps his hands, and tells me: 
[Mother. It's time to feed her.] 
I realize the time when he tells me that. 
Watching Rudeus play with the sisters makes the time pass quickly. 
[Alright. Alright.] 
[Here. Have a seat.] 
I sit on the chair according to Rudeus's direction. 
I reveal my chest while I carry the crying Nom. 
As predicted by Rudeus, Nom is hungry and immediately sucks on me, drinking the 
milk in relish. 
Every time I feed her, the strong emotions that I'm a mother begin to surge up. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
299 
special Chapter - The Mother in Greyrat's Household 
[.Hm?] 
Suddenly, I realize Rudeus's gaze. 
Everytime I feed her, Rudeus always stares at my chest. 
And that gaze isn't like a 7 year old child's, but a gaze full of lascivious desires. 
If you place Paul together with him, you will find that the two of them have the same 
exact gaze. It makes me feel comforted, but when I think that he's already like this 
at this age, I feel uneasy for the future. Will he be like Paul and lay his hands on 
many girls, making them cry? 
[What's wrong Rudi? Do you want it too?] 
[EH!] 
I tease him, and Rudeus comes back to his senses and shifts his eyes away. 
Then, with his face red, he tries to find an excuse to explain himself: 
[No. I'm just thinking that Nom can really drink.] 
[Haha.] 
I can't hold my laughter in when he displays such a cute demeanor. 
[You can't have it you know, this belongs to Norn. Rudi already drank a lot when he 
was young, so you should be patient.] 
[.Of course. Mother.] 
Even if he says that, his expression looks like he feels regretful. 
That kind of Rudi is rarely seen. It makes me want to fawn over him. 
Let me just tease him a bit more. 
[If you really want it, you can wait until you marry a wife and beg for it.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
300 
special Chapter - The Mother in Greyrat's Household 
[Yes. I will try asking for it.] 
Uh oh. I thought he would be angry and bicker with me, but he looks like he had an 
epiphany and replies. 
He discovered that he has been mocked? 
Even though it's slightly disappointing, this does fit his personality. 
[.You can't force it okay?] 
[I know.] 
This serious response makes me feel a little lonely. 
[Gerp.] 
Nom burps after finishing her meal, and I place her back into the cradle. 
I use a cloth to wipe my chest, and Rudeus stares at it again. 
Hm. Looks like the person who will be this child's wife will have a hard time. 
The strongest candidate is Sylphy, but that child is always so obedient to him. It 
looks like even if she's not willing, she won't strongly refuse it. 
Alright. 
I'll teach Rudeus a lesson when it comes to that. 
As a mother. 
Paul only taught him how to conquer girls. I'll teach him about the things after that. 
[Guu.] 
After Nom has fed, she shows a face of satisfaction, and soon starts making sounds. 
She must be tired. 
[Drink more, and sleep more. Quickly grow up okay?] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
301 
special Chapter - The Mother in Greyrat's Household 
I stroke Norn's head as I tell her that. 
[Ah! Waaal] 
Rudeus did the same thing to Aisha that he did to Norn, carrying her up, checking 
her diaper, and confirming that there were no rashes or insect bites. 
In the end, he carries Aisha and looks at me with a troubled expression. 
Rudeus rarely shows an expression like that. 
Even though it makes me happy to see different types of expressions, I don't really 
wish to see him so gloomy. 
[What's wrong?] 
[That is. Mother. Today, Lilia is quite late.] 
[That's true.] 
She is usually back by this time if she goes out to buy things. 
Did something happen? 
.No. There's a group of merchants that are coming from the city of Roa. She did 
say that she would buy more things than usual, so she would spend more time today. 
[That, about Aisha.] 
[Yes?] 
[She's probably hungry.] 
[I see.] 
When I think carefully about it, since Aisha is fed together with Nom, she should 
feel hungry at the same time. 
Usually, I feed Nom while Lilia feeds Aisha. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
302 
special Chapter - The Mother in Greyrat's Household 
I notice Rudi's troubled expression now. 
Rudi uses that expression and says with trepidation. 
[About that, Mother, I'm not sure when Lilia will be back. It's probably fine to let 
Aisha wait a little, but if Aisha continues to cry, Norn will cry too. That.] 
I'm a sincere follower of Mills. 
And because of that, I blame Lilia for breaking up the one man, one woman, promise 
from Paul. I know they are not Milis's followers, but I don't want to bend my own 
thoughts. 
This must have been discovered by Rudi. 
Will he make his mother unhappy because of one word. 
Will she do something terrible to his sister. 
He must be carrying this uneasiness. 
To Rudi. Regardless of Nom, Aisha, and me. Everyone's family. 
And., Since things have turned out like this, I should do it. 
But, is that really fine. 
Will I feel unhappy when I feed Aisha. 
And then, if my expression gets seen by Rudi, will he hate me, or look down on me? 
[Sheesh. What are you saying? Here. Quickly give me Aisha.] 
I chase away my own fears, use the most gentle tone I can muster, and tell Rudi. 
[Okay.] 
Rudi hands Aisha over to me gingerly. 
I carried Aisha, and let her feed on the other side. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
303 
special Chapter - The Mother in Greyrat's Household 
If Aisha isn't willing, I will probably feel unhappy. But Aisha doesn't care, and feeds 
in big gulps. 
[.Phew.] 
I sigh with relief, using a volume that Rudi can't hear. 
The same feeling comes to me when I fed Nom. 
The feeling of being a mother. 
How unbelievable. 
Why did I think I wouldn't be willing to feed Aisha? 
Why did I think I would be unhappy during the time I fed her? 
Why did I think I needed to tolerate that? 
The answer is simple. I know it. 
Because I'm a mother. 
In the end, there's no difference. A Milis follower or something else. 
[She seems to be enjoying herself.] 
[That's because Mother is delicious.] 
[Please don't give flattery like that.] 
Rudi seems to be enjoying himself, watching Aisha feeding on me without any 
unhappiness, and relaxes. 
He must have thought that this was also the responsibility of protecting his sisters. 
That's really admirable. 
It's not a lie that he wants to be a brother respected by his sisters. 
[It's not flattery. I can still remember the taste.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
304 
special Chapter - The Mother in Greyrat's Household 
[Are you for real?] 
I smile while I stroke Aisha's head. 
After a while, Aisha also finishes drinking, and leaves my chest. 
I place her back in the cradle, and she starts to sleep like Norn. 
Rudi uses an expression gentler than usual to look at me and Aisha. 
[Rudi.] 
[Yes, what is it?] 
[Can I touch you?] 
[.There's really no need to ask me. Just touch me if you like to.] 
Rudi sits beside me and raises his head to me. 
I stroke him on the head softly. 
Rudi has never made me worry since his birth, so I didn't really feel like a mother 
when he grew up, but recently it feels different. 
I feel from the bottom of my heart that I'm this child's mother. 
[ . ] 
I feel a sudden burst of warmth, and look up to where it's coming from. 
The summer glow is pouring in from the windows. 
A scenery of endless golden-colored wheat fields outside the window. 
A peaceful summer afternoon. 
I feel really content. 
[It's great if things can continue like this.] 
[Yes.] 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
305 
special Chapter - The Mother in Greyrat's Household 
Rudi agrees with me. 
He must also feel at peace during this time. 
But what makes me feel happy is Rudi's presence. 
If it wasn't for Rudi, a follower of Mills like myself would bemoan the fact that I 
have become one of two wives, and would have left this house with Norn, or blamed 
Aisha and Lilia. 
Luckily, Rudi is around. 
If he wasn't a clever and wise child, I wouldn't experience something like this now. 
[Rudi.] 
[What is it?] 
[Thanks for being born] 
Rudi looks like he's at a loss. 
Then, scratching his head, he says with embarrassment. 
[I should be the one thanking you.] 
I laugh again when I see Rudi's cute actions. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
306 
References 
References 
1. He uses the pronoun "ore" here. In the future chapters when he talks to adults he will use 
"boku". 
2. In the light novel, this line is toned down, only mentioning that he masturbated to "a mosaic¬ 
less adult video." 
3. Hello Work is the Japanese government's agency for introducing jobs. 
4. "Middle School 2nd Year Syndrome" where someone has a delusion of importance and/or 
has a special gift/power for more information: Urban Dictionary Definition of "Chuunibyou" 
5. A condition in game programming that causes a variable to change, refers to condition 
cleared to become a boyfriend. I need that wikipedia anchor thingy. 
6. >, DQN, Dokyun is an internet based term with derogatory intentions, pointing 
towards the delinquents, people who are not bright or crass people who uses violence, 
sometimes also pointing towards people who have no common sense or are just plain 
ignorant. 
7. Pervert/Molester 
8. A reference to the light novel "Tasogare-iro no Uta Tsukai" 
9. A reference to his past attempt to make a game with RPG Maker. 
10. A reference to Dragon Quest Dai's Great Adventure; It's actually the ultimate move of the 
lead antagonist Vearn. 
11 .Original is4F--vt°-o<!:'^Y>'5' , basically, a shift JIS emoticon: ( ■ ) 
12. The Japanese word for blue (Ao) also covers the colour green. This is like in English light 
blue and dark blue are both shades of blue, in Japanese blue and green are both shades of 
Ao. 
13. A cute way to say old-lady. 
14. The sound effect for a fast heartbeat. 
15. A reference to a character from the anime Bonobono. 
16. A reference to the Kalar/Color race from Alicesoft's Ranee Universe. 
17. A Doraemon reference. Roxy + Doraemon = Rokaemon. 
18. An ancient Japanese word for teacher that is more respectful than Sensei. Used in fantasy 
works. 
19. A reference to a style from the Satsuma area in Japan where that is all about "need not have 
the 2nd strike".) 
20. A reference to the famous fighting actor. 
21 .A censored reference to the game Japanses Derby. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
307 
References 
22. A reference to a Dragon Ball Z attack. 
23. A reference to the One Piece character. 
24. TL: Keigo. 
25. A reference to the manga Totsugeki! Pappara-Tai. 
26. TL check? 
27. TL: Objection! 
28. TL: For some reason I feel relieved and yet feel that it's wasted. 
29. TL: Otoshigami God of Conquest Rudeus Greyrat is about to be born! Nah, I'm just kidding. 
30. TL: Well you can use tactician, but I think this fits Paul more... 
31 .TL: What sort of description is this -.-? 
32. TL: A*solute T*rror F*eld. I can't resist. 
33. Dense, insensitive, thickheaded = Donkan. 
34. Something from Kinnikuman. TL: 2 random people is a known character from Kinnikuman, I 
think. I don't have any way to explain it very well, but it's like saying it's a freaking disaster if 
you do it. Probably. 
35. This line needs a TLC. (TL: Deva king = some guardian authority figure?) ED: The JP 
equivalent is Hannya mask. 
36. TL: If you can't remember Divine Artifact = Roxy's panties. Unwashed. 
37. TL: *Grumble* Scumbag father *Grumble* 
38. Zero no Tsukaima. 
39. TL: PLAYYYAAAA 
40. A legs-first delivery. 
41 .A reference to the famous Japanese novel Genji Monogatari. The Hikaru Genji project is a 
plan to raise a young girl into an ideal wife. 
42. TL: Yes Dad! Stop scumbag Rudeus! 
43. Gang or yakuza leader. TL: Anego = in this context she's like the leader of a gang or yakuza, 
otherwise Anego is a respectful term from a younger person. 
44. Flower name pronounced as Gee-len 
45. The Japanese text is ambiguous about whether this pocket is on her cloths or her chest. 
46. TL: Only 2 Asura coins!? My, my, my. *Hints at future plot* 
47. Dachou club/ostrich club is a trio comedy act that involves a leader who hands out roles, a 
tsukkomi- straight man and boke - funny man. 
48. Sound effect of heart skipping a beat. 
49. About a 2-3% chance of this happening. 
Mushoku Tensei Volume 01 
308 
