Chapter 15: Future Hero

Decades passed.

Knight’s Order Territory of the Kingdom of the Dragon King.

Also an enclave of the Kingdom of the Dragon King.

It used to be a palm-sized piece of land by the northern jungle, a no-man’s land without a country.

The land with the worst monster infestation among the southern Central Continent, too difficult to develop even for a great power… It was considered.

Of course, there wasn’t a Knight’s Order back then.

However, under Lord Pax Shirone, Jr.’s guidance, the territory transformed itself.

Slowly developing the dense jungle that has been said to be impossible for many years.

He made good use of his people, built dams to divert the river flow, fought back monster invasions, and slowly cleared the jungle to expand his territory.

After the initial confrontation with the indigenous people of the jungle, he wined and dined the village chief, and eventually wedded the chief’s daughter to cement their alliance.

In addition, to attract talent, he favored those who were more capable than those of high status.

A man came, boasting he could turn any wasteland into fertile farmland, so Pax took him up on the challenge and granted him wasteland to cultivate.

A penniless man claimed he could pioneer new trade routes through the dense jungle, so Pax sponsored him. The man has since become the top merchant within the Knight’s Order.

He found a boy slave with talent for the sword and became his patron.

This territory became known as a generous land even to people of low status.

Such rumors flowed and people flocked from all over.

In fact, the Knight's Order diligently assigned them all work according to their abilities.

Even slavery was more organized than anywhere else.

Merchandise at its slavery markets rarely died from sickness or injury.

On the contrary, the slaves were given the opportunity to showcase their abilities. If they were capable, the Knight's Order would acquire them for a hefty sum and be treated generously.

By the time neighboring countries of the Red Dragon’s Lower Jaw took notice, it was already too late.

The Kingdom of the Dragon King’s Knight's Order’s territory, population, and military had already grown well beyond a mere enclave.

When the Knight's Order finally invaded, the neighboring countries’ were ill prepared on their southern borders.

As a result, the Kingdom of the Dragon King came to rule the eastern regions of the Red Dragon’s Lower Jaw.

It became an enormously profitable territory for the kingdom.

While the king despised Pax, he still had to honor Pax for his contributions.

However, Pax was of royal blood with a territory of his own.

With a power base of his own, Pax became a thorn in the side for the princes and ministers already vying for the throne.

Therefore, the state ordered Pax to take the Knight’s Oath and assume command of the newly formed Knight's Order

A Knight’s Oath to his king.

As long as Pax maintained his oath, he could not claim the throne of the Kingdom of the Dragon King.

Breaking the sacred vow makes one a rebel.

Few would support him.

Of course, Pax could refuse the vow.

But if he did, they could petition the King to withdraw Pax’s honors, and use that to compel him to give up this land. Of course, that would make the land unmanageable and damage relationships with neighbors in the deep jungle.

Without Pax as the stabilizing force, everything would fall apart.

Such was the calculus of the ministers and princes.

To everyone’s surprise, Pax took the Knight’s Oath willingly.

Dedicating his life to the king and vowing to protect the homeland.

Pax became the commander of the newly established Knight's Order.

The birth of the Black Dragon Knights.

He immediately appointed five of his most reputable men as archknights, had them recruit 20 men each, and appointed them as knights as well.

As a result, a fighting force of 100 knights was formed.

What the ministers and princes failed to realize was that Pax’s was not aiming for the throne of the Kingdom of the Dragon King

○

Black Dragon Castle, Kingdom of the Dragon King Knight's Order headquarters.

The conference room had a huge black iron conference desk.

There are a total of seven people sitting there.

Everyone was dressed in jet-black armor.

Starting from the entrance.

A man with dull blonde hair, thin eyes, sharp ears, with scales and a large x-shaped wound on his face.

He is a former slave who was found to have talent for the sword and bought.

North Saint Rank, half demon race.

"Loyal Hound Knight" Jeda.

A man with dark skin, black hair braided into several braids, bundled behind his head.

Wearing outfits common to the Kingdom of the Dragon King, but with a body better honed than anyone.

"Tribal Knight" Herpel.

A huge man with a gentle smile. Even wider than Herpel.

But most of the width is due to his arms, two great mounds of black metal.

"Iron Knight" Atmos Roland.

A dwarf woman with a childlike body, who wore a toy-like armor.

However, her face was not that of a child, shining with more intelligence than anyone else present.

"Dwarf Knight" Pyi Ku.

And finally, the innermost three.

Sitting to the right of the entrance, another woman.

Dark skinned with blue hair, around 20 in age.

Too young for a knight, yet she’s also an archknight.

Moreover, she’s the second highest ranked person present.

"Screaming Princess" Lauri Shirone

In the center.

On the high seat, owner of the castle.

Blue haired, a face full of wrinkles.

Although he was quite old, his eyes and body remained full of vigor.

"Black Dragon Knight Commander" Pax Shirone Jr.

And to his left.

A middle-aged man with green hair sits beside Pax.

A large sword on his back, and another sword on his waist.

His face had countless scars.

No, not just the face, but his armor and sword shafts bore numerous wounds.

The physical representation of “witness to a thousand battles.”

The strongest Knight of the Knight's Order… No, the strongest knight of the Kingdom of the Dragon King.

A man who inherited the name of the 5th place of the Seventh Powers, "Death God".

Deputy Commander of the Black Dragon Knights.

“Death God Knight” Sieghart Saladin.

The seven observed a map on the conference table in silence.

Pieces were placed on the map. Cavalry pieces, infantry pieces, knight pieces...

The pieces were painted in distinct colors, clearly representing the forces of the Asura Kingdom, the Kingdom of the Dragon King, and the Ogre God Empire.

If the scenario unfolds as expected, the Knight's Order who held such a strategic position would certainly be dragged into the conflict.

It is not hard to imagine that even the powerful Black Dragon Knights would be swept away like dust in the wind, if they were involved in a war between the great powers.

As far as the board was concerned, the Knights were in a dangerous predicament.

"..."

Everyone besides Pax awaited for Pax's words.

Say what you must say. Everyone thought as they waited.

Finally, as if fulfilling their expectation Pax finally spoke.

"Finally, our opportunity has come!"

Pax's words directly contradicted the information presented on the map.

But no one objected.

Because, everyone knew in their hearts.

Indeed, now is the time!

"The time we long waited for is here!"

Those words shook everyone in the room.

Herpel and Pyi smiled slightly.

"I realize that our wait for this day has been long and painful. Through crises and missed opportunities, I’m grateful for everyone’s patience and persistence until now.”

Pax said bitterly, looking at each present.

Recalling painful memories.

Jeda's facial scars to protect Pax's honour.

Ever since Pax and the Ubaba tribal chief signed their alliance of friendship, Great Warriors of Ubaba had fought alongside Pax. Many died by his side, and Herpel was already the fourth in this role.

The magical prosthesis that replaced Atmos’ arms were a result of protecting Pax, entrapped by another member of the royal family.

Everyone here was aware that Pyi was raped by the enemy as a prisoner of war.

And of course it goes without saying all the uncountable scars and scratches on Sieghart’s face, scabbard, and armor.

"I will not let this opportunity pass and waste all your efforts thus far."

Pax said as he looked at the map.

The Ogre God Empire, an emerging nation that had captured the entire northern region.

The august Asura Kingdom that ruled the whole of the western region since ancient times.

And the Kingdom of the Dragon King that occupied half of the south, watching the movements of its rival nations cautiously.

Finally, the Knight's Order wedged in the very center of these three powers.

But in this precarious situation, they saw an opportunity.

“We shall take advantage of this standoff and declare our independence!”

"Oh!"

"Ooh!"

A grand response from the knights to Pax's declaration.

From the seven pieces within the Knight's Order, Pax moved three pieces toward the Red Dragon’s Lower Jaw.

"Atmos, Pyi, and I will fortify our defenses. With the Red Dragon’s Lower Jaw as a choke point, just as the original King Dragon King.”

"Yes sir!"

"Got it."

The two nodded.

Pax moved three more pieces to the middle of the Red Dragon mountain range.

This is the point where the mountain ranges split into two, known as the Red Dragon’ Cheek.

"Jeda, Herpel, and Sieg, take an elite force with you and attack this position. Find the hidden fortress of the Ogre God Empire and destroy it."

"Yes."

"Understood."

Two nodded.

But the last one, Sieghart, remained silent.

He was staring at the map with his arms folded, unmoved.

"Sieg? What's wrong? Something you don’t understand?"

Sieghart laughed at the question.

"No, I was reminiscing at how far we came. I could still remember the moment when you were nearly killed by the Ubabas.”

"Indeed, if you hadn’t come, I suppose I would be fertilizing the Bashkara trees now."

"Yeah, a lot happened."

"Too many things."

Reminiscing of the past.

At first, they were just two.

Then before they realized it, they became three, then four.

At times, their number fell as well, but eventually it settled down to six.

Six was ​​said to be an ominous number, but for the Black Dragon Knights it was the luckiest.

"Grandfather, Sieg. Sorry to disturb your reminiscing, but what will I be doing?"

It was Lauri who spoke.

"Screaming Princess" Lauri.

One of Pax's granddaughters, and a talented knight and commander of her own right.

Thus, Pax educated her himself and raised her as one of his commanders.

After shedding blood in her first battles, she too had earned the right to attend this conference.

However, she was still young, too young to place on the front lines of such importance.

“Guard the castle, can you do it?”

“Of course, grandfather. I’m unsatisfied to be left away from the front line, but I’m a smart girl who understands the importance of securing our rear and won’t excuse myself.”

"Good... You shall be rightfully rewarded if you succeed.”

"Fufufu, you promised!"

Lauri sat back down happily.

"..."

After a short silence, everyone stood up naturally, holding a cup before them.

"To the Knights and People of the Land."

"To the People and Knights of the Land."

Everyone chugged down the contents of their cups, and slammed it on the desk with a bang.

The black iron cups, hitting the black iron desk, rang like a clash of swords.

The sound of battle.

"Depart!"

With Pax's command, everyone was in motion.

Jeda and Herpel.

Atmos and Pyi.

Then Lauri.

And finally, Pax and Sieghart left, side-by-side.

In the meeting room, only the black iron desk and empty cups remained.

Left as they are.

Until their return.

Until the day when they return, side-by-side, to toast with the same cups once more…

[Jobless Oblige END]