TATE NO YUUSHA NO NARIAGARI
Chapter 177 – Ｌｖ Drain
 
Translator: darkstrolm
Editor: KOOKIEDREAMER

“KYUA!” (Gaelion)

The sack collapses and the contents fall out.
Recently Gaelion has acquired some bad habits.
Last time it was the Ding-Dong-Dash, this time it’s the sack rummaging.
I scold him every single time but he still doesn’t stop.

Just when I thought Atlas became more obedient, this time it’s Gaelion.
Also, Firo does the same thing. Even now.
By the way, Firo while searching the garbage would refer to them as treasures.
After all, she is a bird. Gaelion is no different.

Ah, I’m sure the dumpster diving would also turn into a territorial dispute.

“Ah Jeez…… think about the cleaning I’d need to do.” (Naofumi)

Rolling out from the sack are demon bones, ores and the Zombie Dragon’s core which was previously attached to the Barbarian’s Armor.
The core of Zombie Dragon continues to roll.
Gaelion sees the Zombie Dragon’s core, chases it with his eyes and starts playing with it.
His reaction is like a cat’s.
This reminds me, Gaelion and Firo both like shiny things.
Didn’t Firo’s eyes shine brightly the same way when she saw the Zombie Dragon’s core for the first time. It’s the same habit they both shared. (TL: referring to the time Firo ate the Zombie Dragon’s heart in Chapter 44)

“KYUAA!?” (Gaelion)

Though I am slightly calmed down by this happy state, I have no wish for such mood.
Let’s end this quickly with a swift scolding.

Paku!

Gaelion grips the core of the Zombie Dragon with his jaws.

“Hey. That thing isn’t yours. Return it quickly.” (Naofumi)

But I might as well have been talking to the wind, Gaelion pays no attention to me.
The Zombie Dragon’s core is deep within his mouth…… Honestly.

Gokkun.

He swallows it.

“Hey!　Spit it out!” (Naofumi)

I grab Gaelion by the scruff and shake him.
Huh, didn’t the monster seal have a punishment for that?
I tried activating the system at the same time.

“KYU!?” (Gaelion)

Gaelion convulses and writhes with his eyes wide open.

“KYU…… GYA…… KYUUU……” (Gaelion)

Gaelion breaks out into cold sweats with his eyes tightly shut and moans as if enduring something.
The sound of something creaking can be heard from Gaelion’s whole body.

“O-oi.” (Naofumi)
“What’s going on?” (Sadina)
“There’s a terrible ominous feeling overflowing from Gaelion-chan, is he all right?” (Atlas)

An ominous feeling?
Before I could ask, I see with my own eyes a darkish purple light being emitted from Gaelion’s body…… and the magical power is unleashed.
This color, I recognized it.
When I equipped the Wrath Shield, Firo was also enveloped by the same aura.

“GYAOOOOOOOO!” (Gaelion)

With bloodshot eyes, Gaelion roars towards the ceiling.
A breath of magic is unleashed from Gaelion’s mouth and the ceiling is blown away in an instant.

“GYA!” (Gaelion)

*Flap*…… the sound from his wings reverberates as they begin to expand, Gaelion leaps high into the air.
Great! I’ll just open the monster seal and activate the punishment.
Opening the monster seal!
But the view for my status window is warped, the monster seal could not be activated.

“GYAOOOOOO!” (Gaelion)

As I was thinking of calling out to Gaelion with a loud voice, he begins to fly towards somewhere else.

“W-what?” (Naofumi)
“What just occurred?” (Sadina)
“Gaelion ate the Zombie Dragon’s core which was used in my armor. Then that happened.” (Naofumi)
“Something…… wrapped around Gaelion-chan……and then―” (Atlas)

We exit the building and look at the direction Gaelion flew in.

“What is it?” (Rat)

The slaves who remained in the village begin to appear when they heard the commotion.

“What? Did something happen?” (Taniko)

Together, Rat and Taniko look in the same direction towards me.

“To tell you the truth-” (Naofumi)

I explained how Gaelion ate the Zombie Dragon’s core.

“The core of a Zombie Dragon…… the Count sure has strange things.” (Rat)
“Do you have any ideas?” (Naofumi)
“I’m not that knowledgable about dragons. Dragons are a species whose ecology is shrouded in mystery. Though I’ve heard the cores found in other dragons are highly desired…… but to make him lose control like this…..” (Rat)
“We must chase after him.” (Taniko)

Says Taniko impatiently. Oh yeah, it’s her precious dragon.
The core of the Zombie Dragon is important for my armor and in the worse case, I’ll get it back even if I have to fight Gaelion for it.

“I understand. We have no choice but to call Firo and leave.”

It doesn’t mean we couldn’t just chase after him. But it will be much quicker with Firo.
I haven’t even ridden him yet but I have to take him down, what kind of dragon is he.

“We need horses to go to the next town……” (Naofumi)

Riding on horses prepared by the soldiers, we are off to find Firo.
Halfway to next town, we meet several soldiers on horses riding in from the opposite direction.

“Ah, Shield Hero!　We were just on our way to fetch you.” (Soldier)
“What it is? I also have an errand to attend to.” (Naofumi)
“Princess Melty urgently summons the Shield Hero. It seems something grave has happened to the Shield Hero’s holy bird.” (Soldier)
“What!?” (Naofumi)

While being guided by the soldiers, we head towards the clinic built in town.
Upon entering the clinic, Melty comes rushing with a face that’s about to break into tears.

“You know…… Firo-chan started suffering suddenly. Naofumi. Help Firo-chan!” (Melty)
“Suddenly telling me to be a doctor…… I do not understand because I’m not a treatment master. But if there’s something I can do, I will do it.” (Naofumi)
“Absolutely!” (Melty)

That being said, if it’s a really dangerous disease, there’s no choice but to rely on the Yggdrasil medicine.
The problem is, there’s only one left in stock, but if it’s for Firo, then it’s worth using.
I’m reminded of how deeply attached I am to Firo, I will spare no expense.

“Anyway, let me have a look.” (Naofumi)
“Yes.” (Melty)

I enter into the medical examination room accompanied by Melty and the Treatment Master.
There Firo lies wearily in her monster form.

“Uhh…… uhhh……” (Firo)

Around the abdomen, her body was being eroded like when I changed into the Wrath Shield.
Actually, it’s worse. It would be better to say that the damage has greatly increased.
Though the erosion is being resisted by the shiny crown of feathers on Firo’s head, you can feel that the erosion is winning.

“What’s going on here? Can this even be cured by the Yggdrasil medicine?” (Naofumi)
“It is unknown. But because the magical connotation is so strong, I don’t expect the Yggdrasil medicine to have any effect.” (Treatment Master)

The bewildered Treatment Master answers my questions.
I check the status of Firo using the status window.
I can determine simple matters such as whether Firo is being invaded by poison or paralysis.

“Oh, Master……” (Firo)

Firo reaches out to me while groaning painfully.
I touch Firo gently on the cheek.
She wasn’t in her human form but still, when stroking her cheek, even though she groans painfully, Firo lets out a comfortable smile and closes her eyes.
Then I continue with the status verification.

Firo’s status screen flickers many times like in a sandstorm.
No matter how you consider it, it is unusual.
I also notice a big problem while I’m there.
Firo’s level is lower than the number I know.

Level down? What is going on?
Multiple possibilities are surfacing.
The problem is its only circumstantial evidence for now so I can’t be certain.

“……Bring in Rat from the village.” (Naofumi)
“Understood.” (Melty)

After a while, not only Rat, but even Atlas, Taniko and Sadina come in together.

“Firo-chan!? What happened?” (Taniko)

The worried Taniko runs up to Firo.
Usually, you are prejudiced against Firo whose relationship with Gaelion is bad, but now you’re saying you are worried.
Is it natural because you like monsters?

“Rat, what you think?” (Naofumi)
“If I was to take a haphazard guess, I’d say she’s being eroded by a curse, don’t you think? Will you let me have a look?” (Rat)

Rat reads the diagnostic notes that the Treatment Master made, then she begins to medically examines Firo’s body.

“If you can look at the status, you can see the level going down little by little.” (Naofumi)
“Level down? Isn’t that the equivalent of a high-ranked curse? So far I’ve never seen anything as terrible as this.” (Rat)
“I’m willing to bet this has a connection with Gaelion losing control and running off at the same time. What do you think?” (Naofumi)
“I think there’s no doubt. But…… is there a matching contact point between Gaelion and Firo?” (Rat)
“There is, if you assume the core of the Zombie Dragon as the cause.” (Naofumi)
“What?” (Rat)
“During the encounter with the Zombie Dragon, Firo ate his core. The one I received was only a small fragment.” (Naofumi)

In fact, the reason why Firo managed to defeat the Zombie Dragon was at the decisive moment when Firo ate his core. When we assume that both events are connected, we become more convinced.

“Indeed, it is reasonable to consider something is influencing Firo who ate the core and Gaelion who is currently running out of control.” (Rat)
“I suppose.” (Naofumi)
“Then confirm it with Gaelion. I feel like it’s not yet settled with that alone somehow.” (Rat)

I verify Gaelion’s status.
As expected, just like Firo’s status window, a sandstorm happens, and there are a lot of things which could not be read.
However……

“His level has skyrocketted.” (Naofumi)

It is visibly increasing.
Gaelion’s level which is 35 has become 45.
……It’s exceeded the class up limit.

“Umm…… I feel an ominous force is flowing out from Firo-chan.” (Atlas)
“It is plain to see.” (Naofumi)
“No, I don’t mean that.” (Atlas)

Atlas points her finger at something.
Although there’s suppose to be nothing there.

“Atlas-chan is a child who can see things that are not visible to the naked eye, she might know where the force is moving towards.” (Rat)
“Hmm……” (Naofumi)

There is enough possibility.
She has a surprisingly useful ability.
The problem is the supposed destination in which Firo’s force is flowing towards.
It’s the same direction that Gaelion flew in.

“Is it possible for the core in Firo to be vomited out?” (Naofumi)
“It’s impossible. When I incidentally used my magical power of perception, I can see the core circulating throughout her whole body.” (Atlas)

I verified the status of Firo
To recall Rafatalia and the others to chase after it…… at the speed it is decreasing, we don’t even have two days.
Firo is fast becoming level 1 no matter what I think.
No, it’s still better if it becomes 1 and stops. At the worst, she may die.

“Also, I can see some additional force leaking out from Naofumi-sama.” (Atlas)
“What?” (Naofumi)

I check my own status screen.
Apparently, it’s unnoticeable.

“That一 it’s from around the area where the left arm is now.” (Atlas)

It’s the place where I have my shield attached.
It comes from the shield…… I had let the shield absorbed half of the core fragment. (TL: Referring to the events in Chapter 44)
Does that mean the shield’s ability is decreasing?

I check the list again for confirmation but there is no abnormality for now.
Rather, my heart seems to be feeling refreshed.

What was I supposed to be angry about again?

……I sense danger.

“For now locate where the Battle Instructor is having the training camp and give instructions to come back. We are chasing after Gaelion immediately!”

Otherwise there wouldn’t be enough time.
Atlas steps forward full of determination.

“Naofumi-sama, there is something I would like to try out for a bit on Firo.” (Atlas)
“What is it?” (Naofumi)
“I would like to suppress the leakage of Firo’s force even by a little.” (Atlas)

Atlas goes to the side of the laying Firo and puts a hand on her chest, then she affixes both hands lightly.

“Mm…… ah……” (Firo)

Firo moans painfully while opening her eyes and slowly gets up.

“It became a little bit lighter.” (Firo)
“Firo!” (Melty)

Melty runs up to Firo.

“I think we’ve gained some extra time.” (Atlas)
“Well then…… A carriage……” (Naofumi)

Shit. There are no guys who can run as fast as a vehicle.
Filo Rial is out peddling.
Do I have to rent a Filo Rial in town?

“Th pursuit of Gaelion will be me, Sadina and….Tani… No, you and Rat will――” (Naofumi)
“The one who will draw Master’s carriage is…… Firo.” (Firo)

Firo declares with a strong will in her eyes while being supported by Atlas.

“Firo-chan is no good! You have to stay still.” (Melty)
“Yes. You rest quietly in bed.” (Naofumi)

However, Firo shakes her head to refuse.

“Noー…… Firo is absolutely going together with.” (Firo)

There is none of the usual vigor. But she takes a step forward and insists to follow at any costs.
……If she was made to stay here, she will certainly come chasing.
No matter what, she is very stubborn.

“Well, if anything happens, I’ll leave you  in a clinic. And then, I’ll get another guy to pull the carriage.” (Naofumi)
“Naofumi-sama!?” (Atlas)
“Atlas, you’ll also be there to suppress it, right?” (Naofumi)
“Ye- Yes!” (Atlas)
“Good.” (Naofumi)
“I will go too!” (Melty)

Melty declares even though she is on the verge of breaking out into tears.
Ah, her best friend is in a pinch. She insists on coming by any means necessary just like Firo.
I ignore the declaration of the princess.

“Do not act rashly. You are a princess.” (Naofumi)
“Being a princess comes second, Firo-chan is my friend!” (Melty)
“I see.” (Naofumi)

……Before was Firo throwing a tantrum about wanting to protect Melty. [T/N: Corrected by Kookie]
Firo has a good friend indeed.

“We are setting off to chase after Gaelion. Soldiers of the castle must hurry and notify Rafatalia and the others.” (Naofumi)
““Yes!”” (Everyone)

Thus we let the stubborn Firo overdo herself and left on a carriage.