Purpose

Well then, let's bear witness to this public execution. How good of a fight Female Knight can put up against Ren corroded by the curse. For now let's try analyzing.

Of course, I have taken shelter. What is happening with the current Ren's status I wonder?

From Greed, the sword transformed. Looking carefully, there are various ornaments on the sword. On the sword guard is a dog-like being...a fox? In addition, something pig-like is on the handle. But...Ren's manner of speaking became strange after the transformation. Obtain everything and consume, huh.

Presuming from this, changing to consume, the possibility that he has also awakened Gluttony exists. There is a chance that the curse increases if one is easily defeated. I must be cautious if a chance to fight Itsuki comes.

Motoyasu? I don't want to get near that guy. It has been peaceful lately because he has not appeared. At that time, he will probably be chasing Firo.

...An intensely pointless thought. Let's concentrate in front of me now. 

"I, will become the strongest! I'm growing even in this instant, gaining strength eternally from the future, watch me defeat someone like you and consume the EXP!" (Ren)

Raising the great sword overhead, Ren broke into a run. His movements have gotten quite fast yet not stiff. Just like Gaelion said, that he's stronger than before can be seen. In these circumstances, I probably can't use Portal Shield because of the effect of Gaelion's magic. For now, let's retreat and gather more people.

"Rishia, Gaelion, Taniko. Bring Atla. We're backing off further" (Naofumi)

I carried the fainted Atla like a princess in my arms.

"Bu, but..."
"As it is, that fellow will also have difficulty fighting right?" (Naofumi)

I used a random excuse, but if the plan is to use support magic, a little more distance won't matter.

"Deryaaaaaaaaaaaa!" (Ren)

Ren began recklessly swinging the great sword. Not even a drop of style. By leaning backward or forward, Female Knight continued to dodge. It's hard to make a prediction similar to children's swordplay, like "how dare you see through my attack".

"I understand"

Taniko and Rishia nodded and backed away as directed. Gaelion may have sensed my intent as he kept alert with his wings spread and ready to escape at any time. 

"Ku...hit! My attacks should have become able to blow anything away!" (Ren)
"Like you'll hit. Though the sword contains power, swordsmanship with no depth is like having no intent to hit" (Female Knight)

I don't know Female Knight's status, but it might be unexpectedly high. She is dodging with no wasted movements.

"Why is it, why can't I hit!?" (Ren)
"...Why, is Iwatani-dono the Hero of the Shield? In my eyes, it'd be better if Iwatani-dono was given a sword" (Female Knight)
"Shut upppppppppppppp!" (Ren)

If it was Raphtalia or Firo, how would they deal with it I wonder? Maybe instead of avoiding with paper-thin margins, dodge simply with speed? Let's ask their fellow student Rishia.

"Hey Rishia. What's your impression?" (Naofumi)
"Fuee? Um let's see. The Hero of the Sword's attacks are all dull. I think anyone with battle experience would be able to avoid it" (Rishia)
"Hoh-..." (Naofumi)

Well, I guess so. It does have speed, but even I'd probably be able to dodge it. He is swinging his sword that simply. Basically, he is only using vertical and horizontal slashes. They sometimes bend to a right angle, but it's completely obvious. My eyes are good from training with the troops so I know. Atla's good too.

The genius Atla's attacks have an instinctual depth, so even I have difficulty avoiding them. Rather Atla is the one who becomes stronger every time she fights. I have not seen anyone visibly grow stronger in the middle of a fight like Atla. In the way not relating to status.

Earlier, she probably lost to Female Knight due to lack of Class Up and level. Thinking about it, it's not likely a knight-like person would be below level 40. Atla has not gotten a Class Up yet, and has only fought monsters up until now. She's fought with me, but it'd be more correct to call that training.

Compared to that, Ren's current attacks amount to child's play. Rather wasn't he stronger when there was depth, before he was corroded by the curse? He's only gotten stronger status-wise right? I thought it meant something else.

"Well then, is your seriousness only to that extent? Then I will have my turn" (Female Knight)
"Ku...not yet! I will win one-sidedly!" (Ren)

What a line. Offense is everything, huh? Ah--oh yeah, the shield class died out in Ren's VRMMO games if I recall. Because of that, is he saying something like defeat before allowing counterattack? I think there was something about evasion as the premise...it's somehow suspicious.

Since the antiquity of net games, the meaning of defensive classes have affected many. Recently I've thought Motoyasu, Ren, and Itsuki as novices to anti-personel combat. Of course, the games are probably exactly as they describe. But it is different in this world. I am saying this with conviction.

"Take this!" (Ren)

Ren recklessly swung his sword downwards in a big manner. In the moment the tip of his sword hit the ground. Tremors were felt as cracks spread on the ground. O-, an attack able to open up the ground. High attack power.
...It's a match for Gaelion's showy magic if judging by appearance.

"An opening!" (Female Knight)

Female Knight struck at Ren's shoulder. Raising a thunk sound, the attack resounded fruitlessly.

"Kkukkuku...the sword I am currently using has the effect of Self-Recovery(Large). There is no meaning to your meager attacks. Obediently admit your defeat" (Ren)

Ren laughed evilly. His eyes are shining. Ah, he's laughing since he's figured that Female Knight can't deal a decisive blow.

Why was it explained? Well even my armor has a Self-Recovery effect.

"Fumu...you are soft compared to Iwatani-dono, but instant recovery huh. How troublesome" (Female Knight)

Female Knight muttered while looking at the tip of the sword.

"Obediently accept your defeat and become EXP! Instant - Meteor Sword!" (Ren)

That again! Maybe because it's great sword, the scope of flying black meteors is bigger now. In the midst of all that, Female Knight...becomes a blur while avoiding.

"Th, that's one of Peerless Transformation style's evasive techniques, Heat Haze!" (Rishia)

...Yeah. Female Knight's chuunibyou percentage is no different. And Rishia, stop with explanation character. Even if you say that, "What!? That's!", is all we'll really get. Also, it'll feel like we're weak if you say that from the backline so stop.

"There's still more! Chain Bind!" (Ren)
"Hmph!" (Female Knight)

The chains summoned by Ren flew towards Female Knight, but she swung her sword and destroyed them.

"What!?" (Ren)
"As expected...if a point is used, even firm chains can easily be broken...simple compared to Iwatani-dono's prison" (Female Knight)

You dare say so even when you destroyed it so quickly.

"There's still more! Try receiving my certain kill skill! Hide Sword!" (Ren)

Ren's form vanished to darkness with a yuraa-. You...your attacks are getting repetitive. What happened to Handlet Sword and Thunder Sword? If you had countless methods of attack, even Female Knight would lose without tactics.

"How lukewarm. Even when Raphtalia becomes invisible, her ki cannot be tracked" (Female Knight)

Female Knight swung her sword with a supan-. With just that, Ren's concealment skill was erased, revealing him. Is Ki...possibly that power flowing out from Ren?

...Oi. Somehow, I've started to understand ki or whatever.

Wh, what is this? I'm getting stronger by watching others fighting! Do you think I'd say that, idiot.

...Have I gotten strange from being poked by Atla and Female Knight too much? I've become unable to understand myself.

In any case, immediately seems unreasonable, but with training I can probably get countermeasures for defense penetrating attacks. What's essential is creating a flow from the magical power within the body. Not softly and not shittily. It's fine to just place the flow of magical power before an opponent's attack grows violent. Making a soft portion would be the method for beginners. That Old Lady, trying to tell me something so hard to understand....

It's likely that the Peerless Transformation style uses this power to attack and sense. While Female Knight has been dodging, she probably does not use ki for defense. That might be why the Old Lady couldn't teach me.

Speaking of things I get now, the flow of my ki is strange because of my extreme defensive power. This is like saying please aim here. Ki, can also be called the flow of magical power.

I see, I understand a bit of what it means to be called strong now. Three more times. I'll understand if I receive that attack two, three more times...I think.

I say, this'll be useful in the future if grasped. The extent of Female Knight's talent is unknown, but though just the sword, it was learned in two weeks, could the village guys learn with a month? No, seriously trying to learn the Peerless Transformation style, even Rishia touted as a hundred years' rare talent is taking a month. Even Raphtalia who has been pursuing knowledge since very early on, has still not completely learned it.

I got a late start from half doubting. Offense being essential to martial arts, I thought it was unrelated my defense-focused self. There seems to be merit in learning this. Since such a rule like "heroes should not learn martial arts", does not exist.

Anyways, not matter how you look at it, the best plan is to have the fellows with high status learn this style. Not only martial arts like Female Knight and Rishia, I'll take them in if they are useful. Let's enquire Rishia or someone after getting back to the village.

Incidentally besides me, there is another fellow with a strange flow of ki here.

Hero of the Sword, Ren.

It might be the influence of the Curse Series, it is clearly different. If Motoyasu and Itsuki were also different, then it would be that heroes possess a special factor.

Hm? Rishia is...very difficult. So I say, but there is no flow of ki. No, not that there's none but...thin. What's going on?

But the Old Lady happily called her a rare talent, so why? There is too little to compare with. Let's confirm back in the village.

"That attack is for when the opponent can't be sensed. Hiding is futile" (Female Knight)

While I was thinking hurriedly, Female Knight turned her sword towards the detected Ren. She's putting up an unexpectedly good fight. Though she doesn't have a decisive attack.

"Well then, let's have you receive from me as well" (Female Knight)

Female Knight stooped low and dashed, aiming a thrust towards Ren. Ren that guy too, thinking defense is unnecessary...no, he quickly jumped far backwards.

"Futile" (Female Knight)

Faster than the retreating Ren, Female Knight came to Ren's chest.

"Four Cross!" (Female Knight)

The attack that knocked Atla out was used on Ren.

"Fu..."

Female Knight's attack landed on Ren. It somehow looks like some kind of light passed through Ren's body. But the wound healed as damage was dealt, Ren stood up as if nothing happened and smiled.

"To hit me with an attack, you are pretty good. I'll be your opponent a bit seriously" (Ren)

...What's he saying? That Ren, even though he's had a hard time despite fighting with his all, is he acting?

By no means, how many times were you defeated. Running away after not defeating me with a certain kill skill, and completely losing to Gaelion. Then standing up with the Curse Series, you're receiving attacks again. Rather, is Ren not affected by the Curse Series' curse? He's just moving around like normal.

Chuunibyou is also a power or something? "The curse doesn't affect me, the curse itself is my power", is what he'll probably say so I won't delve.

"You jest, to hold back against your opponent in actual combat, there is a limit to discourtesy. Don't try to act composed, fool! Iwatani-dono came seriously to kill! Receiving my thought out certain kill attack, he just had a slightly pained face! How many years do you think it took to think that up!" (Female Knight)

Oi, isn't that a complaint towards me?

Anyways, Female Knight can see right through Ren. He has speed, but everything's seen if he's just fast. Like that, there's no meaning in speed.

However, Female Knight also has a problem with offensive ability. The defense penetration attack like with me, cannot be used unless there is an extremely high defensive power. She's excelled at swordsmanship since the beginning, but it's difficult with a curse corroded hero as the opponent.

Moreover, there is something unnatural about that skill that seems anti-Hero of the Shield. I don't know where the Peerless Transformation style was born, but if it was Melromark, the technique might have been created for anti-Hero of the Shield purposes. It might have another side. Let's seriously think up countermeasures.

It's a relief I can come up with countermeasures because I've understood the general idea of ki. Couldn't this be used for something besides defense penetration?

"My attacks consume everything. Yes, even your EXP!" (Ren)
"No matter how strong your attacks, there's no point if you can't hit!" (Female Knight)

But the battle has stagnated. Ren who can't hit and Female Knight whose attacks don't work. Female Knight is disadvantaged if the fight is dragged out. Because even if he can't hit, it's not like he doesn't have power. With this match as it is, Ren's prospects of victory are high.

Well, even if Ren is temprorarily defeated, he might just awaken a curse and rise back up. If that were to happen, the only choice this time would be to dispose him. If it gets that far there's no turning back. Even then this guy....

"Now then Hero of the Sword. What is your purpose? By the way, Iwatani-dono seems to want to return to his former world it seems?" (Female Knight)
"Annoying! Don't compare Ren to me for every little thing!" (Naofumi)

My scream did not reach. Oh? Ren is a bit flustered.

"I..." (Ren)
"Purpose. What are you seeking strength for!" (Female Knight)

Oi oi. Even if you ask that kind of question, there'll just be an idiotic reply. Ren's eyes are weird too, that's no longer thinking about anything.

"I can't stand not being the strongest! I will become the strongest in the whole world, all of time, all of space! That is my Greed, I will consume all EXP with my gluttony!" (Ren)

A pitch black aura spouted from Ren as he declared. Seems like a useful ki.

"That's why, you too, become EXP for me to become strong!"
"For this foolish sinner, the punishment I have chosen is consumption by God's name! I offer the power of my acquired lands to shred that one with decay, and consume!"
"Schtarkfuaafar!" (Ren) //シュタルクファアファル

Ren clenched his fist in a grandiose manner, and a firefly-like glow leaked from his entire body, disappearing into the ground. With a go go go-, the area started trembling, splitting the earth beneath Female Knight. Oh, a derivation of the attack that caused cracks on the ground earlier? The aria was similar to Blutopfer's. With a jyaki-, fangs grew from the fissure and tried to consume Female Knight.

"That attack has too many openings! Iwatani-dono would come to hit!" (Female Knight)
"Like I said, annoying! Don't bring up comparisons!" (Naofumi)

Ren's attack was avoided by the way. 
...Somehow, it's just like Blutopfer. Ah, but it seems to differ a bit.

With a doba-, some gray object came from the ground and gave off a stench. Like the disgusting gold statue used earlier, even I'd find getting hit by that to be severe.

That's in short, if Blutopfer too is avoided, the compensation alone has to be paid. It's indirect truth but, I won't even think about missing, considering my situation. Yeah. The next time I need to use it, I need to make sure it hits with certainty. Let's engrave into my soul that there was the Queen's help with the Pope, and the Spirit Turtle was just pointlessly huge that I was able to hit.

"Fu, Fueee...what is that!?" (Rishia)
"I wonder. But it seems dangerous to touch it" (Naofumi)

For now, it's probably still okay since there's distance, but the ground is dissolving into mud. Stuff like mushrooms or mold began growing around the affected area, giving off a dreadful stench. That decayed land, sea of rot...formed into a fly monster-like organism.

It's a parade of curse skills. Female Knight seems to be the only target. Before long, the fly monster headed incessantly towards Female Knight.

"Decide your aim. And the attack's readiness is lacking. The similar attack used by Iwatani-dono was more brutally powerful. I...thought that attack was coming, you could say I was disappointed" (Female Knight)

Female Knight quickly, regarding the fly monster...unexpectedly climbed over it from the front and stood before Ren. The fly monster who lost it's direction soon crumbled and disappeared almost tragically. Ah-...hasn't it become awfully polluted around here? No matter how, he'll cause damage to people huh.

"Oi" (Gaelion)

Gaelion whispered close to my ear.

"You have a face like it's none of your business, but your curse's flames also polluted the earth" (Gaelion)

I don't know. That's something time can solve.

"Well then, I will inquire once again. After becoming the strongest, what do you desire?" (Female Knight)
"After...becoming the strongest, you say...!?" (Ren)
"That's right. You were aiming to be the strongest right? What will you do with that power?" (Female Knight)
"Gu..." (Ren)

He's stuck on his words. Ah, as I thought it's like that. I've thought about why Ren's greed is weak. I also thought before that the process and purpose were reversed. But, beyond that...Ren has no greed.

That might also be the reason I didn't awaken Greed. I want to greedily earn gold. But in the end, this world's money is just a necessity for me to survive the waves, nothing else interests me. Since I'll be returning anyways, before I go I'll just give it to Raphtalia as recompensation for everything up until now. Of course I've thought about living in luxury for a bit, but I'd just end up spending it on equipment and investing in facilities.

Gluttony is the same. His wanting to become strong derived it's awakening, but either way, there is nothing after consuming opponents as EXP. He'll become satisfied after becoming the strongest. It's a gluttony to the degree of being satisfied once the stomach is full. A hunger without bound, his Gluttony did not come from a hunger that cannot be satisfied.

My curse is anger. The rage dwelling in my body feels like it'll drive me crazy from irrationality. With Witch at the top of the list, it directs itself towards this entire world.

Of course, I expect this rage will disappear once I return to my world but...I think there'll probably still be unreasonable anger in the real world. I must bear it no matter what. Having to constantly suppress endless rage or futilely trying to become the strongest, which one is the greater burden on the body I wonder.

"I, I'm...once I'm the strongest...I, I'll save the world!" (Ren)
"Don't speak of things given by other people here!" (Female Knight)

Female Knight cut down Ren's reply with a zuba-.

"If you don't want to admit it that much, I'll personally tell you" (Female Knight)
"What!?" (Ren)

That Ren, his eyes are earnestly swimming around.

"You don't want to become strong. You just want to take back what's been lost!" (Female Knight)
"U..." (Ren)
"You foolishly pushed forward without thinking, wanting to regain everything, your lost comrades, people, and trust, desiring to become the strongest is just wanting visible power!" (Female Knight)
"Sh, Shut up!" (Ren)
"That kind of thing, even god, or rather god-like hero, cannot make it happen. Is becoming the strongest what you must do right now!?" (Female Knight)
"Shut uppppppppppppppppppppppppp!" (Ren)

Ren brandished his sword toward Female Knight in a big manner. It seems to be barely dodgeable, but if I don't do anything I can't give a debt. 
...It can't be helped. I'll lend my strength. From such contriving, I started running, getting within skill range.

"Air Strike Shield, Second Shield!" (Naofumi)

Letting out a baki baki sound, my attack is stopped. Female Knight is glaring at me, but I don't care. Is it like throwing cold water into a duel?

But, in doing this, Female Knight's grip on Ren is getting loose. Even if you complain, do you really think you could win against that Ren? Stirring it up like that, now I can butt in when Ren is being preached to as well. It's a little small-minded, but it'll eventually just end up like this later if you think about it.

"A hindrance has come. But I'll continue speaking. You actually understand it. If you have the time to rot here, prepare yourself to live while carrying the burden of your crimes, atone by fighting for those who've fallen!" (Female Knight)
"Sh, Shut upppppppppppppppppppppppp!" (Ren)

Ren does not stop even with that, turning his sword to Female Knight.

"I will wield my sword in place of those who died while believing you until the end!" (Female Knight)

Female Knight lifted her sword to her chest and used a technique.

"Peerless Transformation sword technique! Multilayer Crumble Attack!" (Female Knight)

The barrage Female Knight had used on me was now pouring towards Ren. Receiving that many defense penetrating attacks is not something that can be accumalated. The chill going down my spine tells the story.

"Gaha!" (Ren)
"Hero of the Sword, you are weak. For that reason, become stronger by accepting your weakness. People lost won't come back. But, it's fine if you atone for your sins from here on. I'll also lend as much strength as I can" (Female Knight)

Informed Female Knight as she returned her sword to it's sheath. 

She tried to look cool, but it appears not much damage was actually dealt. Though rotten he's still a hero, he has two types of the Curse Series too. It was probably a considerably close fight even for Female Knight. For argument's sake, wouldn't she have been split in half if she'd received even one of Ren's attacks?

Also, you're trying to look cool, but if the people, King, or Queen want the death penalty then there's no meaning. Atoning for your sins is good and all, but your life might be taken for recompensation. Well I'm fine with that though.

"U...guha..." (Ren)

Immediately afterwards, Ren swoons and collapses. Ooh, he collapsed like in anime.

"Don't try to run from the sins you've committed. I'll stand in your way every time you try to run away" (Female Knight)
"U..." (Ren)

In his collapsed state, tears shed from Ren's eyes. Is he unconscious? Other than that, he did not even twitch. Then, the great sword returned to normal. The ominous look is also gone.

"Did you take care of him?" (Naofumi)
"Don't say it like I finished him off!" (Female Knight)

Female Knight glared at me. Therefore I said it.

"To strike at the mind, you're pretty skilled" (Naofumi)
"What an unpleasant way to put it..." (Female Knight)

He actually wasn't defeated physically, after all.

"Iwatani-dono has not run away from his own crimes" (Female Knight)
"Are you praising me?" (Naofumi)
"No! Without running, you continue to knowingly add to your crimes. Even more than the Hero of the Sword, a difficult nature" (Female Knight)
"I don't know" (Naofumi)

Female Knight let out a wholehearted sigh.

"Why someone like this is saving everybody...Iwatani-dono is the biggest enigma to me, I've no confidence you can be rehabilitated" (Female Knight)
"Rehabilitate? For what?" (Naofumi)
"...I can completely understand Raphtalia's hardships. Sorry Raphtalia, your request doesn't seem possible to fulfill..." (Female Knight)

Raphtalia, what did you request from this straight lace? Well whatever. Probably nothing good would come even if I asked.

"Well then, since it seems Ren has been defeated, I'll uphold the promise. His management will be left to you" (Naofumi)
"What do you mean promise. You just set me up!" (Female Knight)
"Hahaha" (Naofumi)
"Don't laugh!" (Female Knight)

Meanwhile, Atla finally regained consciousness. Honestly, what an unreliable fellow. Saying you want to become my shield is just a dream within a dream.

"Fuee...what are we doing from here?" (Rishia)

Rishia asked while looking at the rotten sea that was once burnt ground.

"Of course, we're escaping" (Naofumi)
"Iwatani-dono!" (Female Knight)
"What do you want me to do? The one who did this is that Hero of the Sword over there. You are Ren's patron right. Take responsibility!" (Naofumi)
"Muu...is it like that? Haa...I'll report to the Queen and request a purification of this land" (Female Knight)

Female Knight said while greatly troubled.

"I'll leave it to you" (Naofumi)
"Why do you sound so self-important, Iwatani-dono!" (Female Knight)
"Because you are the one responsible. Pressing responsibility is fun after all. Let's complain to Ren too when he wakes up" (Naofumi)

Commonly referred to as middle management. After this, Female Knight will probably start a lifestyle like stress was opening a hole in her stomach.

"Can you not get carried away with rubbing salt in open wounds!" (Female Knight)

And while exchanging complaints and idle chatter, we teleported to the village with the fainted Ren. I don't know if I'll take Ren to the castle after this, but that's out of the question when Ren's consciousness has not returned.


目的
　さて、存分に公開処刑を見させて貰おうじゃないか。
　あのカースに浸食された錬を相手に女騎士がどれだけ善戦できるか見ものだな。
　とりあえずは分析をしてみるとするか。

　もちろん、避難はしている。
　今の錬の状態は、どうなっているんだろう？

　強欲のまま、剣が変化した。
　よくよく見ると、剣に色々と装飾されている。
　鍔の部分は犬っぽい生き物……狐か？　他に豚っぽいものが柄にあるなぁ。
　だが……変化した時に錬の言葉がおかしくなっていたな。
　全てを手に入れてクラウか。

　ここから察するに、喰らうと変換すると、暴食も覚醒してしまった可能性がある。
　安易に倒すとその分、カースが増大する可能性があるな。
　樹とかと戦う機会があった場合は注意せねば。

　元康？　アイツには近づきたくない。
　最近現れないから平和で良い。
　一方その頃、フィーロが追いかけられているかもな。

　……激しく無駄な思考だ。
　今は前に集中しよう。

「オレ、は最強になる！　今、この瞬間でさえも成長し、永遠の先の単位の強さで動くように、也、お前等を倒し、経験値を喰らってミセる！」

　大剣を振り上げ、錬は駆け出す。
　動きがぎこちないがかなり早くなっている。
　ガエリオンが言うとおり、さっきよりも強くなっているのはわかるな。
　今の状況だと、ガエリオンが放った魔法の影響で俺もポータルシールドが使えないんだよなぁ。
　一応、人員を集めて後退しておくか。

「リーシア、ガエリオン、谷子。アトラを連れて、もっと下がるぞ」

　俺は気絶しているアトラをお姫様抱っこで抱えて下がる。

「で、でも……」
「今のままじゃアイツも戦いづらいだろ？」

　口から出任せだが、実際援護するだけならもう少し離れても問題無い。

「でりゃあああああああああああ！」

　錬が大剣をがむしゃらに振り回し始める。戦いの型も糞も無いな。
　女騎士はそれを体をのけぞらせたり、屈んだりして避け続けている。
　子供のチャンバラ攻撃のような予測が付き辛い斬りをよくもまあ見切れたものだ。

「わかった」

　谷子もリーシアも頷いて俺の指示通りに下がった。
　ガエリオンは俺の意図を察知したのか、何時でも逃げ出せるよう翼を広げて待機している。

「く……当たれ！　俺の攻撃は、どんな物すらも破壊する最強の一撃になっているはずだ！」
「当たるものか。そんな力の入っていない剣の太刀筋、工夫の無い攻撃など、当てる意思が感じられないのと同意義だ」

　女騎士のステータスは知らないが、案外、高いのかもしれない。
　無駄が無く避けていると言えば避けている。

「何故だ、何故当たらない！？」
「……何故、イワタニ殿が盾の勇者なのだ？　私が見るにイワタニ殿に剣を持たせた方が良いぞ」
「だまれええええぇぇぇぇ！」

　ラフタリアやフィーロだったら、どんな風に避けるかな？
　あんな紙一重で避けたりせず、単純な早さで避けるかな？
　同門の弟子であるリーシアに聞くか。

「なあリーシア。見た感じはどうだ？」
「ふぇえ？　えっとですね。剣の勇者様の攻撃は全て単調です。あれでは戦闘慣れした者なら誰でも避けれると思います」
「ほー……」

　ま、そうだよな。早くはあるけど、俺でも避ける事は出来そう。
　それくらい、単純に剣を振り回している。
　基本、縦切りか横凪ぎしかない。時々、直角に曲げたりもするけど、曲げる瞬間が丸見え。
　兵士と稽古していると目が肥えてくるからわかる。アトラも然りだな。

　天才肌のアトラの攻撃こそ、本能的な工夫があって、俺も受け流しが難しい。
　むしろ戦うたびに強くなっていくのはアトラだろ。
　アトラこそ、戦いの中で目に見えて強くなっていく奴はいない。
　ステータス魔法外での工夫という意味でだけど。

　先程、女騎士に負けたのはクラスアップとＬｖだな。
　良く考えれば騎士をやっている様な人物がＬｖ４０以下とは考え難い。
　アトラはまだクラスアップをしていないし、今まで魔物との戦いしか経験していない。
　俺とは戦ったが、あれは戦ったというより、訓練と言った方が正しい。

　それに比べれば今の錬の攻撃は子供のチャンバラ程度だ。
　むしろカースに浸食される前の方が工夫があって強いんじゃないか？
　強くなるってステータス的にだろ？　意味が違うと思うのだが。

「さて、お前の本気とはその程度なのか？　では私からも出させて貰おう」
「く……まだだ！　俺は、一方的に勝てる！」

　凄いセリフだ。攻撃こそ全てってか？
　あーそういや、錬のやってたＶＲＭＭＯは盾職が死んでいるんだったな。
　だからこそ、反撃を許す前に倒すとかそんな事を言っているのか？
　回避前提とかも言っていたが……なんか怪しい。

　古来ネットゲーム関連で、防御職が存在する意味なんて対人に関わってくるものが多い。
　元康も錬も樹も、対人戦に関しては相当の素人だと俺は最近思っている。
　もちろん、奴等の言葉通りのゲームであるのだろう。だけどこの世界では違う。
　これは確信して言える。

「喰らえ！」

　無謀にも錬が大きく剣を振り下ろす。
　その切っ先が地面に触れた瞬間。地響きと共に地割れが発生した。
　おー、地面すら切り開く攻撃って奴だな。威力が高そうだ。
　……ガエリオンの見た目だけ派手な魔法も良い勝負だよな。

「隙あり！」

　女騎士が剣で錬の肩目掛けて突く。
　ガツンと音を立てて、錬への突きは虚しく響いた。

「くっくっく……今俺が使っているこの剣には自動回復（大）が付いている。お前の貧弱な攻撃など意味が無い。素直に負けを認めろ」

　錬が邪悪に笑い。目を光らせている。
　ああ、女騎士に決定打が無い事を理解して笑っているんだな。

　なんで、説明口調なんだ？
　まあ俺が付けている鎧も自動回復付いてたけどさ。

「ふむ……イワタニ殿に比べれば柔らかいのだろうが、斬ったその場で回復されるか。厄介な」

　剣先を見てから女騎士は呟く。

「大人しく負けを認めて経験値になれ！　刹那・流星剣！」

　またそれか！
　大剣だからか、範囲が大きくなった飛び散る黒い星。
　女騎士はそのすべてを……なんか存在がぶれながら避ける。

「あ、あれは変幻無双流、回避の型の一つ、陽炎！」

　……うん。中二病率は女騎士も変わりません。
　後リーシア、説明キャラやめろ。
　そんな事言われても『なに！？　あれが！』とか言える程詳しく無いから。
　後、外野がそういう事言っていると俺達が弱くなった気がするからやめてくれ。

「まだだ！　チェーンバインド！」
「ふん！」

　錬が呼び出した鎖が女騎士に向かって飛んで行くのだが、女騎士が剣を振るうと鎖が砕け散った。

「なに！？」
「やはりそうか……強固な鎖、防御も点を活用すればいとも容易く砕ける……イワタニ殿の檻に比べれば容易い」

　数秒で破壊した癖によくもまあ言うな。

「まだだ！　俺の必殺スキルを受けてみろ！　ハイドソード！」

　ゆらぁっと錬の姿が闇に消える。
　お前……攻撃がワンパターンだぞ。
　ハンドレットソードとか、雷鳴剣はどうしたんだよ。
　攻撃の手段が無数にあるのなら工夫しないと女騎士にも勝てないぞ。

「ぬるいな。ラフタリアは目の前で消えても気を追えないぞ」

　スパンと女騎士は剣を横に凪ぐ。
　それだけで錬の隠蔽スキルが掻き消されて姿を表した。
　気って……まさか、あの錬から流れている魔力の流れか？

　……おい。何故か、気とやらがわかりはじめてきた。

　ど、どういう事だ？
　俺は他人の戦いを見て、強くなる！
　なんて言うと思ったか、ボケ。

　……アトラや女騎士に点とやらを突かれ過ぎておかしくなったんじゃないか？
　俺は俺自身がわからなくなってきた。

　ともあれ、いきなりは無理そうだが訓練すれば防御比例攻撃の対策が取れそうだぞ。
　重要なのは、体内の魔力に流れを作る事だな。
　柔らかいもクソも無い。
　流れている魔力で相手の攻撃が暴れ出す前に乗っけてやれば良いだけだ。
　柔らかい部分を作るのは初心者の方法だな。
　ババアも解り辛い事を言いやがって……。

　おそらくは変幻無双流はこの力を攻撃と察知に使っているんだろう。
　現に女騎士は避ける事はあっても、防御に気を使っていない。
　だから、ババアは俺に教える事ができなかったのかもしれない。

　わかる事と言えば、俺の防御力が極端に突出している所為で気の流れが変だ。
　これでは狙ってくれと言っている様な物だぞ。
　気、というか魔力の流れ、とも言えるが。

　なるほど、強いと言われる意味が少しは理解できた。
　後三回だ。あの攻撃を二、三回受ければ見切れる……気がする。

　こりゃあ、会得すれば今後に役立つな。
　女騎士の才能がどの程度だったのかは不明だが、剣だけとはいえ二週間で覚えてきたんだから、村の連中なら一月もあれば覚えられるか？
　いや、変幻無双流を本気で覚えようとすると、百年の逸材と公言されているリーシアでも一ヶ月掛かっている。
　初期から修行に向かったラフタリアに至っては、まだ完全習得していない。

　半信半疑で出遅れた。
　武術というから攻撃が重要で、防御の俺は関係ないと思っていた。
　これなら覚える価値がありそうだ。
　勇者が武術を学んではいけない、なんてルールは無いからな。

　まあどちらにしても、ステータスの高い奴にこの流派を覚えさせるのは上策だ。
　何も武術は女騎士やリーシアだけの物では無いから、使える物なら取り入れるまで。
　ここ等辺、村に帰ったらリーシア辺りに尋ねるとしよう。

　ちなみに気の流れがこの場にいる中でおかしい奴は俺以外にもいる。

　剣の勇者、錬だ。

　カースシリーズの影響かもしれないが、明らかに他とは違う。
　これで元康や樹まで他と違ったら勇者は特別な要素を持っている事になる。

　ん？　リーシアは……凄く微妙。
　言っては難だが、気の流れが無い。
　いや、無い訳じゃないんだが……薄い。
　どうなってんだ？

　でも、あのババアが逸材とか喜んでいたんだから、どうなんだ？
　比較対象が少ないな。村に戻ったら確認しよう。

「その攻撃は相手に察知されていない時に使うのが定石だ。隠れたって無駄だ」

　そうこう考えている内に女騎士が錬をあぶり出し、剣先を向けた。
　案外善戦するな。
　決定打は持っていないようだが。

「さて、私からも受けさせるとしようか」

　腰を低く屈めた女騎士は錬に向かって駆けだして剣を突きだす。
　錬の奴も、防御の必要性が無いと思って……いや、咄嗟に大きく後ろに下がる。

「無駄だ」

　下がった錬よりも早く女騎士は錬の懐に入り。

「フォークロス！」

　アトラを昏倒させた攻撃を錬に放った。

「ふ……」

　女騎士の放った攻撃が錬に命中。
　なんとなく光の様な物が錬の体を突きぬけたように見えたな。
　しかしダメージが入ったその場で傷が塞がっていく、錬は何事も無かった様に立っており、笑みを浮かべた。

「俺に攻撃を当てるとは、なかなかやるじゃないか。少し本気で相手してやろう」

　……何言ってんだ？
　錬の奴、思いっきり苦戦していたくせに演技でしたってか？

　いやいや、お前は何回敗北したよ。
　俺を相手に必殺スキルを撃って倒せず逃亡、ガエリオンに思いっきり負けてるじゃないか。
　それでカースシリーズを追加して立ち上がって、またも攻撃喰らってるぞ。
　というか錬にカースシリーズの呪いは効果が無いのか？　普通に動き回っているけどさ。

　中二病も力になるってか？
　俺に呪いは効かない、呪いこそが俺の力になるとか言いそうだから突っ込まない。

「戯けたことを、実戦で相手に手加減するなど失礼にも程がある。余裕を見せたふりをするな愚か者が！　イワタニ殿は本気で殺しにきたぞ！　私の編み出した必殺の一撃を受けて、ちょっと痛かったみたいな顔をしたのだぞ！　あれを編み出すのに何年掛かったと思っているんだ！」

　おい、俺への愚痴が入ってないか？

　ともあれ、女騎士は完全に錬を見抜いたな。
　早くはあるけど、早いだけで見切られている。あれじゃ早い意味が無い。

　しかし、女騎士の方も攻撃力に難がある。
　例の防御比率攻撃も俺みたいな、極端に高い防御力が無いと成立しない。
　元々剣術に秀でていたんだろうが、カースに侵食された勇者相手では分が悪いか。

　大体、あの攻撃って対盾の勇者みたいな、不自然さがあるよな。
　変幻無双流が生まれた土地がどこか知らないが、メルロマルクであった場合、敵対国の関係で対盾の勇者用に作られた技かもしれない。
　何か裏があるかもな。本気で対策を考えておこう。

　気の概念がわかってきた所為で、対抗策が何個も出てくるのが救いだ。
　これって防御比例攻撃以外でも使えるんじゃないか？

「俺の攻撃は全てを喰らう。そう、貴様の経験値さえも！」
「どんなに強力な攻撃も当てなければ意味が無い！」

　しかし戦況が拮抗したな。
　攻撃を当てられない錬と攻撃が通らない女騎士。
　長期戦になれば女騎士の方が不利だ。
　当たらないだけで威力まで無くなった訳じゃないからな。
　この勝負、現状錬の方が勝つ見込みが高い。

　ま、仮に錬を倒せても、またカースに覚醒して起き上がってくるかもしれない。
　もしもそうなったら今度こそ処分を検討するしかなくなる。
　そこまで来てしまったら、もう戻れないな。
　にしてもコイツ……。

「さて剣の勇者。お前は何が目的なんだ？　ちなみにイワタニ殿は元の世界に帰りたいそうだぞ？」
「うるせぇ！　いちいち俺と錬を比べんな！」

　俺の叫びは届かなかった。
　おや？　錬が少しうろたえている。

「俺は……」
「目的だ。お前は何を目指して、強くなりたいんだ！」

　おいおい。そんな質問しても馬鹿な返答が返ってくるだけだろ。
　錬の目付きがおかしいし、あれはもう何も考えちゃいない。

「俺は最強にならなきゃ我慢できない！　全ての世界、全ての時間、全ての時空で俺は最強になる！　それこそが俺の強欲であり、全ての経験値を求め喰らう暴食だ！」

　そう言い放った錬から真っ黒なオーラの様な物が噴出する。
　何か使う気だな。

「だから、お前も、俺が強くなる為の経験値になれ！」
『その愚かなる罪人への我が決めたる罰の名は神の名の元による捕食！　我が得た大地の力を贄する事によって放たれる腐敗をその身に刻み、喰われるが良い！』　
「シュタルクファアファル！」

　錬が大きく拳を握りしめると、全身から蛍火のような何かが漏れ出し、地面に消えて行く。
　ゴゴゴと辺りが揺れ始め、女騎士の足もとが突然割れる。
　ああ、さっきの地割れを起こす攻撃の派生？　詠唱がプルートオプファーと似てたけど。
　ジャキっと地割れで出来た亀裂に牙が生えて、女騎士に向かって食らいつく。

「その攻撃は隙が多過ぎる！　イワタニ殿なら当ててくるぞ！」
「だから、うるせぇ！　比較対象を出すな！」

　ちなみに錬の攻撃は避けられた。
　……なんか、プルートオプファーそっくりなんだけど。
　あ、でもちょっと違うみたいだ。

　ドバっと地面から何か、灰色の異臭を放つ物体が吹きつけられる。
　さっき使っていた気色の悪い金の像もそうだが、さすがの俺もアレに当たったら厳しそうだな。

　それって要するにプルートオプファーも避けられたら代償だけ支払うって事なんだよな。
　間接的な事実だが、俺の現状を鑑みるに外したら目も当てられないぞ。
　うん。もしも次に使う機会があったら、確実に当てられる状況で使わないとな。
　教皇の時は女王が足止めして、霊亀の時は的が無駄に大きかったから当てられたって事を肝に銘じておこう。

「ふ、ふぇええ……なんですかあれ！？」
「さあな。だが触れたら危なそうだ」

　一応、距離があるからまだ大丈夫だけど、地面がドロドロと溶けだしている。
　焼け野原になっていた周りにキノコとかカビが生え始め、凄い異臭を放ちだした。
　その腐敗した大地、腐海……ハエの化け物みたいな生き物を形作る。

　カーススキルのオンパレードだ。
　ターゲットは女騎士だけみたいだな。
　やがてハエの化け物が女騎士に向かって降り注いだ。

「狙いは定めろ。そして攻撃の覚悟が足らん。イワタニ殿がその身を削って放った攻撃はもっと凶悪で力強かったぞ。私は……あの攻撃が来ると思ったのに、期待はずれも良い所だ」　

　サッと女騎士がハエの化け物による浸食攻撃を……なんと正面から乗り越えて錬の前に立った。
　行き場を失ったハエの化け物は無残にもそのまま走り抜け、やがて崩れ落ちて消えて行った。
　あー……なんかこの辺り、汚染が酷くなってないか？
　何処までも人に被害を与える奴だな。

「おい」

　ガエリオンが耳元で囁く。

「他人事みたいな顔をしているが、汝の放った呪いの炎も大地を汚すのだぞ」

　知らんな。それこそ時間が解決してくれる。

「さて、では再度私は尋ねるとしよう。お前は最強になってその後、何を望む？」
「最強の……後、だとっ……！？」
「そうだ。その最強とやらにお前はなったのだろう？　その力で何をするんだ？」
「ぐ……」

　言葉に詰まっている。
　ああ、やっぱりそうか。錬の強欲がなんで弱いと俺も思ったが。
　過程と目的が逆転しているとは前も思った。
　だが、その先が……錬の強欲には無い。

　俺が強欲に目覚めないのもそれが理由かもしれないな。
　俺は金を強欲に稼ぎたい。
　だが、俺に取ってこの世界の金銭はあくまで波を生き残るために必要な物であって、それ以上に興味はない。
　どうせ帰るんだし、精々帰る直前にラフタリアへ今までの報酬としてやる位しかない。
　もちろん、贅沢は少しくらいはしてみたいとも思うが、そんな金があったら装備や施設投資に金を掛けたい。

　暴食もそうだな。
　強くなりたいから派生して覚醒したのだろうが、どっちにしても相手を経験値として喰らった後の事が無い。
　最強になったら満足してしまう。満腹になったら満足してしまう程度の暴食なのだ。
　際限無き飢え、食べても満足できない飢えから来る暴食では無い。

　俺のカースは憤怒。
　理不尽に対して気が狂いそうになる程の怒りをその身に宿す。
　その矛先はヴィッチを筆頭にしてこの世界の全てに向かっている。

　もちろん、この世界から帰ったら俺の憤怒は消えるのかという期待はあるが……おそらく、現実の世界でも理不尽な怒りがあると思う。それを堪えて行かねばならない。
　終わりの無い怒りに呑まれ続けるのと、手に入れたくても手に入らない最強、どっちの方が強く身を苦しめるんだろうな。

「お、俺は……俺は最強になって……せ、世界を救うんだ！」
「他者から与えられた使命をここで語るな！」

　女騎士がズバッと錬の返答を切り捨てる。

「そんなに認めたくないのなら私が直々に教えてやろう」
「何！？」

　錬の奴、思いっきり目が泳いでいる。

「お前は強くなりたいんじゃない。失ったモノを取り戻したいだけなのだ！」
「う……」
「お前が愚かにも考えなしに突き進み、失った仲間、人々、信頼、そのすべてを、ただ取り戻したくて、最強と言う目に見えた力を欲しているに過ぎない！」
「だ、黙れ！」
「そんな事、例え神であろうとも、いや神である勇者であろうとも出来はしないのだ。お前が今しなくてはならないのは最強になる事か！？」
「黙れぇえええええええええええええええええ！」

　錬が女騎士に大きく剣を振りかぶった。
　ギリギリ避けられそうな範囲だが、一発位援護しておかないと恩を着せられない。
　……しょうがないな。力を貸してやろう。
　という算段の元、俺は走り出し、スキルの射程圏内に入り。

「エアストシールド、セカンドシールド！」

　バキバキと音を立てて錬の攻撃は止められる。
　女騎士が俺を睨むが、知った事では無いな。
　決闘に水を差すなってか？

　だが、こうする事によって女騎士による錬への拘束力が緩まる。
　何か文句を言われても、あの錬に本当に勝てたのか？
　と、煽ったり、錬に説教をしている時も横槍を入れる事ができる。
　少々小者臭いが、後々の事を考えるとこんな物だろう。

「邪魔が入ったな。だが私は話を続けよう。お前は本当はわかっているんだ。こんな所で腐っている暇があるのなら、その罪を背負って生きて行く覚悟を持って、散って逝った者の為に戦うのが――贖罪だ！」
「う、うるさああああああああああああああああい！」

　それでも錬は止まらず、女騎士に振りかぶる。

「最後までお前を信じ、散って逝った者達の代わりに、私は剣を振るおう！」

　剣を胸に掲げた女騎士が錬に向けて技を放つ。

「変幻無双流剣技！　多層崩撃！」

　俺に放った女騎士の連撃が全て、錬に向けて注ぎこまれる。
　あれだけの攻撃を、防御比例で受けたら貯まった物では無い。
　俺の背筋にひやりとしたものが伝う。

「ガハ！」
「剣の勇者よ、お前は弱い。だからこそ、その弱さを受け入れる事でもっと強くなれる。失った者は帰ってこない。だが、これから罪を償って行けば良いんだ。私も出来る限り力を貸そう」

　と、告げて女騎士は剣を鞘へと戻した。

　かっこつけてはいるが、実際のダメージはそんなに無いみたいだ。
　まあ腐っても勇者だし、カースシリーズが二種も出ているんだ。
　女騎士としても相当な接戦だっただろう。
　仮に錬の攻撃を一撃でも喰らったら真っ二つだったんじゃないか？

　後な、かっこつけてはいるが、民衆や、その王である女王が死刑って言ったら意味無いぞ。
　罪を償うのは良いが、代償は命になってしまうかもしれないな。
　まあ俺はそれでも良いけどさ。

「う……ぐは……」

　その直後、錬は昏倒し、倒れる。
　おお、アニメみたいに倒されたな。

「自分の犯した罪から逃げるな。逃げる度に私はお前の前に立ち塞がろうじゃないか」
「う……」

　錬が倒れたまま目から涙を流している。
　無意識か？　それ以上ピクリとも動かない。
　そして、大剣が普通の剣に戻った。禍々しい様子も無い。

「やったか？」
「トドメを刺したみたいに言うんじゃない！」

　女騎士が俺を睨む。
　だから言ってやった。

「精神攻撃とは、お前も中々やるじゃないか」
「嫌な言い方をする……」

　実際、物理的に倒した訳じゃないしな。

「イワタニ殿は、自分の罪から逃げはしていない」
「褒めてるのか？」
「違う！　逃げずに、わかっていて罪を重ね続ける。それは剣の勇者よりも性質が悪い」
「知らんな」

　女騎士が思いっきり溜息をした。

「どうしてこんな者が人々を救っているのか……私はイワタニ殿が一番謎で、更生させれる自信が無い」
「更生？　何をするんだ？」
「……ラフタリアの苦労が身に染みてわかった。すまんラフタリア、お前からのお願いを成就できそうにない……」

　ラフタリア、この堅物に何を頼んだんだ？
　まあいいや。
　どうせ聞いても碌な事が返ってこないだろうし。

「さて、錬を倒したようだからな、約束は守るぞ。管理はお前に任せるからな」
「何が約束だ。私をハメただけじゃないか！」
「ははは」
「笑うな！」

　そうこうしていると、アトラがやっと意識を取り戻した。
　まったく、頼りにならない奴だ。
　俺の盾になりたいとか言っていたが、夢のまた夢だな。

「ふぇえ……これからどうするんですかぁ？」

　腐海化している元焼け野原を見渡しながらリーシアが尋ねる。

「もちろん、逃げるんだよ」
「イワタニ殿！」
「俺に何をしろって？　こんな事をしたのはそこに居る剣の勇者だ。お前は錬の保護者だろ。責任を持つんだ！」
「むっ……そういう事になるのか？　はぁ……女王に報告してこの地の浄化を依頼しておく」

　女騎士が頭を抱えて言った。

「任せたぞ」
「なんで偉そうなんだ、イワタニ殿は！」
「責任者はお前だからだ。責任追及は楽しいからなぁ。目覚めた錬にも嫌味を言おう」

　俗に言う中間管理職だ。
　これから女騎士はストレスで胃に穴が空く様な生活が始まるんだろうな。

「傷に塩を塗るのも大概にしないか！」

　と、嫌味と雑談を交えながら、気絶した錬を俺達は村へと輸送したのだった。
　この後、城へ連行するのかは知らないが、錬の意識が戻らないと話にならない。