My god that was a tedious chapter. Anyways here you go chapter 32.
BBQ USAPIRU.

Edited by: MythosIX
Reward
Firo is wearing my mantle as we head to the weapon shop.

Old Man: "Hey lad."

The old man waves as we approach.

Naofumi: "Did something happen?"
Old Man: "Yea. Wait a moment."

The old man closes the weapon shop and guides us.
We arrived at the magic shop where I received the magic book.

Magic Shop SK: "Oh my."

The aunt from the magic shop beams when she sees the old man.

Magic Shop SK: "Why don't you guys come in?"
Naofumi: "Right, Firo, don't change into your true form until I permit you to."
Firo: "Okay."

At the back of the magic shop, there was a workplace that smelled of nature.
We were guided to the workplace.
The ceiling was quite high, about 3m.
In the middle of the floor was a magic square with a crystal.

Magic Shop SK: "I'm sorry it's a little crowded because I’m working."
Naofumi: "No it's fine. Anyway, is there any clothing for children here?"
Old Man: "This aunty from the magic shop is an acquaintance that could help you."
Magic Shop SK: "That's right~"

She removed the crystal and puts an old design sewing machine on a pedestal.
Remember the bobbin machine? That one from Sleeping Beauty.
(Tl note: http://i.imgur.com/fsS6plV.png )

Magic Shop SK: "Is that child really a demon?"
Naofumi: "Yeah, let me take off the mantle first before she changes. Firo, return to your original form."

There should be enough room in here for her original form.

Firo: "Ok"

When I gave the command, Firo removed the mantle and returned to her original form.

Magic Shop SK: "Oh my, Oh dear"

The magic shop aunty looked up at Firo who returns to her Philorial Queen form in surprise.

Firo: "Is this all right?"

The scene is very strange to do Firo's voice contrasting with her body.
Even though this is a fantasy world, it's still weird...
I looked towards Raphtalia

Raphtalia: "What is it?"
Naofumi: "Nothing"

That reminds me, Raphtalia is also a Demi-human.
Now that I think about it, in the past when I could feel something like romance, I might have been be very excited, it seems Motoyasu is the same, though that's in the past.

Magic Shop SK: "So what clothes do you need?"
Naofumi: "Can you make something that won't break when it transforms?"
Magic Shop SK: "Strictly speaking, I’m not sure I can make clothes."
Naofumi: "What!?"
Magic Shop SK: "Hero-sama, what do you see?"
Naofumi: "Magic shop... And a witch."
Magic Shop SK: "That's right. I only have some knowledge on transformation."

Though I don't really understand the common sense of this world... I know that witches can transform into animals.

Magic Shop SK: "Oh my, it takes a great amount of magical power and a very troublesome procedure to transform yourself into an animal. Wouldn't it be bothersome to put on clothes every time you transformed?"

Hm? So it seems it is possible for witches to transform.
The aunty answered while working on the bobbin.
By appearances alone it resembles a sewing machine from my world.

Magic Shop SK: "Staying in her true form at home is fine, but if she transforms in a crowded place, it would be pretty serious."
Naofumi: "Yeah, that's right."

Clothes are my main concern. Walking around naked would stand out.

Magic Shop SK: "Therefore, it would be best if the clothes could be stored safely when transformed and re-equipped when reverting"
Naofumi: "I see."

True, if the clothes just disappear after transforming, the problem would be solved.

Magic Shop SK: "It’s a technique passed down by demon category of Demi-humans. A famous one is a vampire's mantle."

Yeah, like when they transformed into bats or wolves. That is in this world too?

Magic Shop SK: "Well, this bobbin machine makes the materials for those clothes."
Naofumi: "Interesting... What do the clothes transform to?"
Magic Shop SK: "Strictly speaking, what are clothes? Something visible to others, correct?"

I tilted my neck and gave the aunty of the magic shop a puzzled look.
What does that mean?

Magic Shop SK: "What I mean is, this item can transform thread to magical power and magical power to threads. Therefore, the user can change a thread to magical power at any time."
Magic Shop SK: "To put it simply, the user can change the thread to magical power and vice-versa."
Naofumi: "Oh, I understand."

Now I understand why the old man from the weapon shop brought us here.
It'll certainly be weird to call these clothes. When not in human form the magical power circulates the body, and takes shape once back to human form.

Magic Shop SK: "This is Firo-chan right? Turn the wheel on this slowly."
Firo: "Ok"

Firo begins to slowly turn the wheel on the bobbin machine.
A thread comes out immediately and the aunty wraps it around a spool.
Then, thread starts to gather on the spool.

Naofumi?: "Hmm? It feels weaker."
Magic Shop SK: "This changes magical power to threads. It should be tiring, but I just need a little more to make clothes."
Naofumi: "Hmm... Interesting."

Firo is still a child who is barely one week old.
Firo looks tired while spinning the machine.

Naofumi: "Endure it, I'll promise you something."
Firo: "Food? Delicious food?"
Naofumi: "Yeah"

I am a man who keeps his promises. I’ll let you eat your fill of delicious food later, Firo.

Firo: "I'll do my best!"

Firo begins to energetically turn the bobbin machine.

Firo: "Yay, I'll do my best!"

The aunty seemed surprised at the speed.

Naofumi: "Old man, I owe you a meal. Are you free after this?"
Old Man: "I left a note at the shop explaining I’ll be closed till early afternoon. What're you going to treat me to, lad?"
Naofumi: "How about this, can you prepare a big iron plate?
Old Man: "What're you going to use that for?"
Naofumi: "I'm going to cook."
Old Man: "The lad's home cooking? I was expecting something different."
Naofumi: "What was that?"

I am slightly offended by the old man's disappointed expression.

Old Man: "Oh well, what did I expect."
Naofumi: "Raphtalia, go to the market to get meat, vegetables, and charcoal. Firo can eat enough for 5 people."
Raphtalia: "Understood"

I handed some silver coins to Raphtalia to go shopping.

Firo: "Food~ Food~"

Firo is in high spirits while spinning the bobbin machine.

Magic Shop SK: "That's enough. You can stop spinning now."

After awhile aunty told her to stop.

Firo: "Will there be more food if I turn it more?"
Naofumi: "No. you can stop."
Firo: "Yay~"

Firo returned to her original form.

Firo: "Master~ food~"
Naofumi:"Hold on a bit."
Firo: "Eh-..."

Firo sounded very disappointed. Raphtalia hasn't returned yet, so there is no food.

Naofumi: "When we leave the shop, return to your humanoid form."
Firo: "Ok"

Do you really understand?

Magic Shop SK: "You can use this to make your clothes."

The magic shop aunty shows us the thread.
Old Man?: "I'll go ask someone who knows how to weave this."
Naofumi: "I have high hopes for that fellow. Firo, let's go."
Magic Shop SK?: "What should I tell the young lady who went shopping?"
Naofumi: "Tell her we'll be waiting at the gate that leaves castle town."
Magic Shop SK?: "Understood."

Following the old man from the weapon shop, we left the magic shop.

Magic Shop SK: "As for the fee, I’ll be sending it to the weapon shop~"
Naofumi: "How much would that be…?"

I asked a little anxiously.

Magic Shop SK: "Making the magic string? Because the crystal is expensive, I’ll charge Hero-sama 50 silver."

Damn! Firo is expensive.
In the future, we need to be careful with clothes, it's like wearing money.
We head to the weaver with the thread.

Weaver: "This is some unusual material, I could do a lot with this. Go to the dressing room and measure your size. I should be able to complete the dress tonight. You can pick it up later."

We went straight to the dressing room.
Although there is only a mantle, it still took a while.

Sales Clerk: "Wow...... that's a very cute child."

The sales clerk is a girl with glasses and a scarf.
She seems a little plain. By that, I mean she looks like the kind of girl from my world who would write doujinshis.

Sales Clerk: "Her wings are just like an angel. She seems similar to a Demi-human... I'll work on your order now."
Naofumi: "Is that so?"

The old man puts a hand on my shoulder.

Old Man: "There are Demi-humans who have hands or feet that resemble birds. But this child only seems to have wings, so it's pretty great."
Firo: "Hm~?"

Firo tilted her neck while looking up at the sales clerk.

Naofumi: "Yeah... This fellow is a demon that can transform into a humanoid. When she reverts to her true form, her clothes break."
Sales Clerk: "Interesting...... So that's why you need clothes made from magical power."

Her glasses gave off a dangerous light.
As I thought, this girl reminds me of an Otaku.
I feel a little nostalgic because I had an acquaintance selling doujinshis within a circle.
She would often give me admission tickets for the circle and was quite friendly.
Sigh... There's no such thing in a different world.

Sales Clerk: "This material is perfect for a one piece dress, It will be unaffected as well since it'll just turn to magic."
Naofumi: "Eh? Uh sure?"

Firo is measured again after she puts on her mantle and then the clerk starts designing something.

Sales Clerk: “I want to see her true form!"

Firo looked at me with a troubled face. I gulp and looked around.

Naofumi: "It seems to just barely fit here."

Firo's changed form will just barely fit under the ceiling less than 2m.

Sales Clerk?: "Can you sit down?"
Sales Clerk?: "Yea, that's good."

Firo changed back to her demon form while paying attention to the ceiling, and stared at the girl.

Sales Clerk: "Oh-... This gap is good!"

Not even being shaken by Firo's true form... This dressmaker can do it!
As expected of a character who sells doujins. I'm glad this is a different world.

Sales Clerk: "I'll bet a ribbon will suit her."

Firo's neck size is measured by the dressmaker and she begins to design clothes again.

Sales Clerk: "Well I’m going to wait for materials to arrive!"

She seems excited while answering.

Old Man?:"This fellow is a good craftsman."
Naofumi: "I guess…"

She is the type to be absorbed in her work and will accomplish it by all means.

Old Man?: "Well, it will be completed tomorrow."
Naofumi: "That's fast. How much is this going to cost in total?"
Old Man?: "I recommended you to this place so it should be around 100 silver pieces."

Ugh... I received a shock.

Naofumi: "Firo, do you understand? I spent a large sum of 400 pieces of silver on you. I expect you to work diligently."
Firo: "Okay!"

Do you really understand? We left the shop with Firo in her human form.
We joined up with Raphtalia, who was waiting at the gate of the castle town.

Raphtalia: "Naofumi-sama, I bought the ingredients you asked for.”
Naofumi: "Firo costs 400 pieces of silver. Raphtalia was cheaper."
Raphtalia: "Please don't say it like I'm a cheap woman!"

Sigh... Is this going to be okay?

Naofumi: "Alright, old man, bring the iron plate. Firo, get a cart and carry it from the weapon shop."
Firo: "Ok!"
Old Man: "Alright…"

Firo left with the old man for the weapon shop and came back pulling a cart.
Why is she pulling it in her human form?
An iron plate within the size I was imagining was within the cart.

Naofumi: "Alright, let's leave the castle town and go to the riverbank near the grassy plains."

We arrived at the riverbank.
I took out the iron plate, put it on a griddle and immediately put charcoal under it.

Naofumi: "Raphtalia and Old man, take care of the fire."
Old Man: "Yeah yeah.”
Raphtalia: "Okay"

As expected of the old man of a weapon shop, it seems managing fire is his forte.

Firo: "What about Firo?"
Naofumi: "Stand watch so that balloons don't approach us..."
Firo: "Okay~!"

I told Firo to do something else because she would likely fail doing anything here.
I cut the meat and vegetables that Raphtalia brought into appropriate sizes and put it near the grill.

Old Man: "Lad, the charcoal is ready"
Naofumi: "Yeah"

Raphtalia and the old man heated the plate as per my instructions, so I put the fatty meat onto the grill for the oil.
Then I spread out the vegetables and meat so they aren't directly on top of the fire.

Old Man: "You sure are skilful"

I used a stick and a knife to turn the meat and vegetables so they don't burn.

Naofumi: "Well, this should be fine."

Yup. Today's lunch is a barbecue by the riverbank. Firo's reward.

Naofumi: "Firo, it’s ready."
Firo: "Okay~"

Firo was already drooling from the smell when she took the skewer I handed her.

Firo: "Yaay~! This is delicious!"

Firo starts throwing meat and vegetables that were just cooked into her mouth.

Naofumi: "Hey don't eat everything, this is for everyone."
Firo: "Mfkay~"

Firo nodded while stuffing her mouth.
Do you really understand?

Naofumi: "Let’s eat I guess…"
Raphtalia: "Okay"
Old Man: "Sure"

I distributed the meat and vegetables onto some leaves and hand it Raphtalia and the old man.

Old Man: "Oh this is delicious. I'm surprised grilled meat tastes so good."
Raphtalia: "For some reason, this dish that Naofumi-sama makes is strangely delicious."
Naofumi: "I'll take that as a compliment"
Old Man: "I'm not flattering you. Why does it taste so good?"

The old man looked at his plate with a puzzled expression.

Naofumi: "It's probably the result of the cooking skill from my shield."
Old Man: "The power of the shield?"
Naofumi: "Well, at least I think so."

From the corner of my sight I see, Barbeque is now available. Quality: Good -> Great quality.
To think that such a strange icon would exist.

Old Man: "That's such a mysterious shield. I'm quite envious."
Naofumi: "I can't take it off so it's quite inconvenient."

Not to mention the non-existent offensive power.
Oh right, there was the special effect from the Bee Needle Shield that I can counter attack enemies with called [Shield of the Needle]. 
Although the enemy would have escaped before I beat it, unless it's slow like a balloon.
As expected, even if the demon runs away, I’m at a disadvantage.
Sometimes, a smart monster would ignore me and aim for Raphtalia.

Old Man: "Haven't you become quite strong?"
Naofumi: "I don't know... Compared to the other heroes…"
Old Man: "Is that so, are the legendary weapons that powerful?"
Naofumi: "That’s right, I learned from experience.”
Old Man: "I see"
Naofumi: "Then-"

Because skills could be acquired in various ways, the power of a legendary weapon is way above average.
Moreover, accumulating status improvements whenever a shield is unsealed is good.
There are a bunch of conditions that unseal new shields, such as absorbing monsters and other materials, levelling up and the skill tree.
Besides, any exclusive effects any shield that was released gives permanent bonuses.
Even a weak shield could be helpful if I unseal it.
Due to the Equipment bonuses carrying over, the more shields I unseal, the stronger the skills I use.
I can see how many bonus stats I got. My stats in general are higher than Raphtalia's. Maybe it's because I’m a hero.

Especially in the aspect of defence. I have 3 times more and that's not including the permanent bonuses from unsealing other shields.
Because I originally never attack, all the gear went to Raphtalia. After all, the potential ability as a Hero of the shield is in defence. The price for that is 1/10th of ATK.

The difference between a resident of this world and a hero would be from any effects granted by this shield.
Otherwise, I can never beat a monster with just defence.
After all, the only reason a hero is different from a normal person was because of the legendary weapon. It could be considered that you are only a hero because you have the legendary weapon.
I hate it, but I am only a hero because of this shield.
It seems there is an influence from being the companion of a hero.
Raphtalia is superior to normal Demi-humans because of the ability from Slave trainer Shield and Firo's abilities are on par with her despite the level difference.
I don't know how much effect Growth Correction had, but it seems to be quite large.
The effects of Slave Trainer Shield and Demon Trainer Shield are good. I wonder what effects Friend Shield would have, if that even exists.
It seems the existences called companions are essential for a hero.

Friend huh...... an existence I don't have.

Old Man: "I see... It seems heroes really are different from us commoners."
Naofumi: "That seems to be the case."

Travelling around the world, absorbing various demons and materials to grow stronger.
Honestly, there’s just so much more to examine.
I don't understand how much I can improve the shield.
But if I don't do anything, the wave of disaster will strike.
I don't know how many times it will come either.
It’s been twice already. Maybe 5 times, 10 times, or even 100 times, I don't know.
Whatever it is, I can't just sit around and do nothing.
That reminds me...There seems to be a worrisome shield called Curse Series.
At that time when I almost lost Raphtalia, the Curse series was released and started eroding the shield.
I've looked for that skill tree many times.
However, I can't find it no matter how hard I look.
I’ll try asking for help.

Curse Series
I hesitated to ask.

I only type in that sentence. Besides, I checked many times. I feel a shock and the letters change.

Curse Series
Armour that grants power and consumes the user. Hero! Do not use it.

Therefore, I decided to stay away from this topic.
When I need it, the power will appear. This shield seems to have many limitations.

Firo: "Master~ there's no more meat"
Naofumi: "What!"

When I look there is no more meat. Everyone has already finished eating the stuff I prepared.
All that's left are vegetables.

Firo: "Is it already over? Firo still wants to eat more."
Naofumi: "Uhmm, well... Go to the forest and catch 5 Usapiru. I’ll cook those too."
Firo: "Okay~!"

Firo rushed to the forest at full speed.

Old Man: "Oh man, that was delicious. Totally worth it."
Naofumi: "If you think that, then discount the price of clothes."
Old Man: "Lad, there's already a heavy discount, it'll be a large loss if I discount any more."

Oh well, we barbecued next to the riverbank till evening and then called it a day.
By the way, Firo caught 10 Usapiru.
I barely had time to eat. Mostly managing the barbecue and dismantling Usapiru to roast.