First 15% credit goes to the other TL anon here -> http://pastebin.com/wctsdhqW

Edited by: MythosIX
Chapter 33 - Peddling

The next day, that childish otaku greeted us with a smile when we enter the dress shop.

"Yes, it's here. The clothes have been made. It took me all night."

The tired dressmaker was ready to split, her eyes giving a tension-filled, red-eyed stare. She then brought Firo's clothes from the back of the shop.
[TL note: "red-eyed gaze" is placement for "gingin" which describes a tired stare with red eyes]

The dress's colour is mainly white. The colour blue contrasts it in some areas and decorating the middle is a large ribbon of the same hue. It can be seen as rustic and old-styled, but it's very beautiful all the same.

Firo: "Master, I'm going to wear this?" 
[Edt: I changed “Goshujin-sama” to “Master” since “Master” is commonly used ltr.]
Naofumi: "Yeah."
Firo: "Yay!"

Firo, who had worn a cloak to cover herself until now, became nude on the spot.

Raphtalia: "Firo, no!"
Firo: "Eh--"

With Raphtalia urging her to stop, I guided them both to the back of the shop.
I was waiting for you to come get dressed in here...


Sales Clerk: "Alright, change into your demon form."
[Weaver=Sales Clerk= Dressmaker, for standardisation, I’ll be using Sales Clerk]

I could hear the dressmaker's voice from the depths of the store.

Firo: "Why~?"
Sales Clerk: "If you wear this ribbon, I'll give you meat."
Firo: "Yay!"

Don't just casually say something so terrifying.

Firo: "Understood~"

I could hear the transformation sounds.

Sales Clerk: "Yup. As I thought you look good..."

I could hear an enchanted voice.

Sales Clerk?: "Alright, let's go."
Firo: "Ok!"

The two girls appeared from the back of the store.
My eyes turned towards Firo.
Alright, her figure which was already angel-like is even more stunning.
Pure white wings, matching the white one piece... And a blue ribbon on her chest. What was it?
Right, she looks like an angel heroine from the 2-D world.

Firo: "Master~?"
Naofumi: "Hm?"
Firo: "Well? Does it suit me?"
Naofumi: "Yea, it suits you."

This otaku dressmaker is able to take full advantage of Firo's specs and make suitable clothing for her. Her talent is quite outstanding.

Firo: "Ehehe"

An embarrass Firo laughs while her clothes flutter.
Seriously, what a terrible expenditure.
I let Firo pull the cart while we head back to Forest village.
When Firo changes to her demon form, the clothes dispensary and the ribbon turns into a collar.
[Do you mean “disperse” when you used “dispensary”? I googled the meaning, so it doesn’t seems to fit in there.]
That function is very convenient.

Magic Shop SK: "Oh, it’s Hero of the Shield-sama"

Before we leave the castle town, we coincidentally meet with the aunty from the magic shop.

Magic Shop SK: "Are you heading to Forest village?
Naofumi: "Yeah"
Magic Shop SK: "I happen to have some business there too. May I tag along?"

The aunty from the magic shop asked with a smile.
Oh well, I don't really want to decline her since she has helped us out with various things.

Naofumi: "I don't guarantee it being comfortable, is that fine?"
Magic Shop SK: "Yeah"

Raphtalia looks ahead and already starts fighting against motion sickness.

Magic Shop SK: "Well then, let's get going."

The magic shop aunty gets on the cart.

Naofumi: "Good, Firo. Don't go too fast."
Firo: "Okay~"

The pedestrians who pass by look at Firo with surprise. Talking demons are probably rare.
The cart rolls along with a pitter-patter.
I feel that in these past few days, I have been really busy.
Actually, I'm usually busy, it's just that recently have been especially busy.
The whole situation could be summed up with Firo...

Magic Shop SK: "So, how's your study of magic going?"
Naofumi: "Uh..."

The magic shop aunty attacks where it hurts.
To be frank, I made no progress at all.
Should I retort with a "you should have given me a crystal ball"? No, she helped procure the threads to make Firo's clothes at a discount, I can't complain.

Naofumi: "Because I am from another world, I can't read these letters."
Magic Shop SK: "Oh... I'm sorry."

I felt bad to seeing her apologise. I lament at my insufficient studying.
I was defeated.
I repaid a good intention with bad feelings.
Therefore, I want to repay aunty for the help.
I must learn it as fast as possible.
I don't have any support, unlike the other fucking heroes. That's why I have to do my best to learn.
Also, I need to acquire better equipments to survive the next wave.
Let's not forget about translating the medical recipes either.
Though it would take a lot of time, I decided to learn the letters first.

Firo: "Fuaa... it's light"

Firo was yawning while pulling the cart steadily.
You're calling a cart with 3 people light?
That's great. I already have a certain plan. This can't be done without Firo.

The aunty from the magic shop gives me 25 coppers when we arrive at Forest Village.

Naofumi: "What's this for?"
Magic Shop SK: "Transportation fee"
Naofumi: "Oh I see."

I can use this. 
Forest village is reviving nicely. A storekeeper welcomes us pleasantly.
I have already apologised for the chimera meat.
Although keeping that meat there was my idea in the first place.

Naofumi: "Now then, Raphtalia, let's go on some motion sickness training."

I promised to help with the reconstruction to compensate for the meat. Although it's only a little I still get some compensation.

Raphtalia: "Eh!?"

Raphtalia has a bitter face. Oh dear, it's not good if you can't overcome something like this.

Naofumi:"From now on, our transportation is Firo pulling the cart, so you must get used to it."
Raphtalia: "O-Okay"
Firo: "Okay~!"
Naofumi: "Firo, you’re pulling."
Firo: "Yup!"

Philorials really like pulling carts. Firo's eye shines.

Raphtalia: "Uhm......Are you thinking of something?"
Naofumi: "Yeah, I think we should start peddling."
Raphtalia: "Peddling? Why?"
Naofumi: "Although we don't have a lot of goods, I want to stock up on an assortment of medicine."
Raphtalia: "Sigh......"

Raphtalia doesn't seem to see the appeal. Oh dear, do I have too high expectations? However, to have such a precious cart, it's a waste not to make full use of it.

Naofumi: "Though when you get used to the motion sickness, Firo can pull the cart everywhere at maximum speed."
Raphtalia: "I understand the reason..."
Naofumi: "I know a place that would make it hard to get drunk. You should get accustomed there."
Raphtalia: "Is there really such a place?"
Naofumi: "Yeah"

Before starting the today, we head to the place where it is hard to get drunk. I told Raphtalia to get on Firo.
(Tl note: I have no fucking idea with the drunk. 俺はラフタリアを酔いにくい場所 help.)

Firo: "I'm fine with master, but why is Onee-chan on my back?"

Firo muttered as Raphtalia gets on her back.

Raphtalia: "It's the same for me. This is embarrassing."

It's a strange sight to see Raphtalia in a semi-crouching position on top of Firo's owl shaped body.

Naofumi: "Is it hard?"
Firo: "Nope, this is easy."

Firo seems to have no problems at all.

Naofumi: "Well then, let's go."
Firo: "Ok!"

Firo pulls the cart with Raphtalia on her back.
Her weight shouldn't be too heavy.
I began decoding the book of Intermediate recipes while learning the letters.

Rumble...
Rumble......
It is difficult to concentrate with the sound of a wheel as background music.

Raphtalia: "Uhmm..."

Rumble………

Raphtalia: "Uh-Uhmm…"

Hm?
I looked at Firo and see her in human form piggybacking Raphtalia. Raphtalia seems troubled and tried to get my attention while the passers-by whisper and point at us.

Naofumi: "A strange rumour is going to circulate!"

My reputation is going to drop again because there is going to be a rumour that I forced a slave girl to do manual labour by pulling a cart and carrying another person.

Naofumi?: "Well..."
Naofumi: "When you pull a cart, do not turn into a humanoid."
Firo: "Okay"

Firo nods and seemingly dissatisfied returns to her demon form.
I'm getting bored. Raphtalia doesn't seem to have motion sickness yet.
It will probably be okay if we go faster.

Naofumi: "Alright, Speed up!"
Firo: "Okay~!"

Firo nods energetically and begins running.
GaraGaraGara!
The wheels on the cart turn noisily.

Raphtalia: "Wa!"

Raphtalia was surprised and clings to Firo.
At least, we will arrive at our destination today.