I'm Back~~~ Very satisfying chapter...... You guys will love it. :)

Edited by: MythosIX

Exit by a Kick
 

The next morning, Raphtalia got up early today so we went to the barn together.

“Gua!”(Firo)

Firo happily rushed towards us as we arrived.

“Mou, the body is already grown up?”(Naofumi?)

Somehow…… compared to yesterday her head is bigger. It’s strange.

“Her body is almost balanced now.”(Naofumi)
“If you say so.”(Raphtalia)

Her appearance is similar to the other Philorials we saw in the castle town and on the highway.
Her colour now is white with some light pink mixed in.
It’s a beautiful colour.
That slave trader doing quite a good job.

“Are you hungry today?”(Naofumi)
“Gua?”(Firo)

Firo chirps while tilting her neck.
Yup. It seems the growing phase is over.
Biki……
A strange sound is echoing.
Is this ok?
We finished breakfast and think of our plans. Meanwhile...

“Gua……”(Firo)

Firo stares at the wooden carts that entered the village enviously.

“So you want to pull one too?”(Naofumi?)
“I guess so.” (Raphtalia)
“How’re you doing Hero of the Shield-sama”(Villager)

The villager sees me pointing at the cart and come to chat with Raphtalia.
“Ah because my Philorial wanted to pull a cart, I'm wondering what to do.”(Naofumi)
“Ma….. It’s second nature for Philorials to pull carts.”(Villager)

The man nods as if convinced and starts inspecting Firo.

“Right now the village is in the middle of reconstruction so we have insufficient manpower. Hero-sama, can you help with distributing supplies in exchange for a cart?”(Villager)
“Hmm……”(Naofumi)

That’s not a bad idea. After all, I want to take advantage of the fact that I have a demon that is capable of these things.
I could also do other activities as the cart is being pulled.

“What do you need?”(Naofumi)
“I cut lumber in the nearby forest, can you bring it to the village for me?”(Villager)
“Forest huh……”(Naofumi)

That reminds me, I didn't check out that forest yet.

“It’ll take a while to return.”(Villager)
“Sure.”(Naofumi)
“Understood. Let’s discuss the details.”(Villager)

On the goodwill of the villagers, one cart was given to me.
Everything from the wheel to the stands was made of wood. Because it’s free, it can’t be helped that it’s old and of low quality.

“Gua♪”(Firo)

After the cart was prepared, Firo pulls it happily.
The villagers prepared reins for the carriage too, but it’s only for looks.

“Yosh! Let’s get to the forest today!”(Naofumi)
“Alright!”(Raphtalia)
“Gua---!”(Firo)

Firo cheerfully pulls the cart in the direction I pointed.
Goton Goton!
So relaxing……
Goton Goton Goton! Garagaragaragaragara!
Wheels turn noisily as the scenery passes at high speeds.
“Faster! Faster! Slow down!”(Naofumi)
“Gua……”(Firo)

After slowing down, Firo walks with a Tokotoko sound while seemingly dissatisfied.

“Ugh…… I feel sick.”(Raphtalia)

Raphtalia has motion sickness and is lying down in the cart.

“Are you okay?”(Naofumi)
“Eeh……Don’t sway so much...” (Raphtalia)
“I see, Raphtalia you have motion sickness?”(Naofumi)
“It seems so. Are you okay Naofumi-Sama?’ (Raphtalia)
“I’m fine unless I get drunk...”(Naofumi)

It seems for me that liquor is related to motion sickness. I remember back in grade school, during a field trip on the bus, I was reading manga and light novels while the person next to me got sick. In the end, I had to ask for a seating change.
In additional, I remember on a family trip to meet relatives on boat, I was playing games while my family got seasickness.

“Mah... just relax, Firo will go slowly there.”(Naofumi)
“Please let me accept that kind offer.” (Raphtalia)

Raphtalia replies lifelessly as she lay on the cart.


On the way, I encountered someone I didn't want to.

“Buaha! What’s with that! Haha, Fuahahahahahah!”(Motoyasu)

This fellow holds his sides while he laughs out loud and the fucking woman behind him starts laughing too.
It feels disgusting to be laughed at.

“What do you want Motoyasu?”(Naofumi)

Motoyasu and the women who follow him all burst into laughter.

“Come on! You look ridiculous!(Motoyasu)
“How so?”(Naofumi)
“You’re so poor you began peddling? And that bird-----!”(Motoyasu)

Hmm……Peddling! That’s not a bad idea.
It seems Firo’s ability is more dependable. Let’s actually consider it.


“That's so stupid! That’s not a bird or a horse, and what’s with that colour, it’s not even pure white, there’s pink in there. And furthermore-!”(Motoyasu)


“What the hell is your problem?”(Naofumi)

I don’t understand why this bastard is laughing.
This is a waste of time. I should just ignore these guys and move on.
Motoyasu approached Firo when suddenly.

“Guaaaa!”(Firo)

Firo strongly kicks Motoyasu right in between the legs.
I saw it.
Motoyasu face that was laughing was distorted and was sent flying back about 5 meters while spinning around by the impact.

“U-ge……”(Motoyasu)
“Ky-Kyaaaaaaaaaaa! Motoyasu-Sama!”(Motoyasu’s companions)

Haha, I think his balls got crushed.
That was extremely refreshing. My investment for buying Firo was totally paid/worth just by seeing that.
As expected of my demon, it seems to have retaliated for me
I’ll buy you some good food tonight, Firo.

“Guaaaaaaaa!”(Firo)

While flapping her wings, Firo runs around noisily.
Motoyasu is now disregarded and forgotten about.
Iyaaa……That was great. I couldn't even see that scene in a dream.

“Wh-what’s going on?” (Raphtalia)

Raphtalia asks while getting up.

“Huh?? Ah, don't worry about it, it’s nothing.”(Naofumi)
“......You have a cheerful expression on your face that I have never seen before.” (Raphtalia)
Oh. It was reflected on my face?
But, that’s some amazing leg strength, to blow off the hero of the spear like that.
(Tl note: literally BTFO)

“Umm...... Please run slower.” (Raphtalia)

I couldn’t hear Raphtalia’s voice from the back as I let Firo run with a great feeling.

By the time we reached the forest, Raphtalia hit her limit.

“Uu......Uu......” (Raphtalia)

I reflected on going too far after seeing Raphtalia groaned and her pale face.
It's all Motoyasu's fault, because that fellow let me feel so refreshed.

“I’m sorry.”(Naofumi)
“Gua……”(Firo)

A disheartened Firo agrees apologetically.

“I'm, I'm alright……”(Raphtalia)
“You don’t look alright at all. You should be able to rest around here.”(Naofumi)
“Ah, it’s Hero of the Shield-Sama.”(Lumberjack)

There is a hut near the forest and a lumberjack villager comes out.

“Ah, so you came to get wood for the village.”(Lumberjack)
“Umm…… is that person ok?”(Lumberjack)
“I think so. Is there a good place we can rest?”(Naofumi)
“There’s a bed here, let’s put her there.”(Lumberjack)

The lumberjack guides us to the hut as I carry Raphtalia to the bed.

“Firo and I are going to fight enemies we can beat easily, while you pack the luggage.”(Naofumi)

Raphtalia is vulnerable to vehicles, let’s not use the cart for a while.

“Excuse me, I’m going to go put the wood in the cart. Come back in a few hours.”(Lumberjack)
“Ah ok.”(Naofumi)

Firo took off the cart and looked inside the cabin.

“Well then, let’s go.”(Naofumi)
“Gua!”(Firo)

With a kick that blew Motoyasu away, I expect great offensive power from Firo.
We went into the forest.
When we entered the forest, we did not encounter any demons.
We wandered around in the quiet forest.
In the forest, the atmosphere is clear and relaxing.
That reminds me, there are many sights that I have never seen before in this world.
I wonder why I never noticed it before.
It seems everything was blown off when I saw Motoyasu’s face warped in pain.

...No, it's something else.

I think it’s because Raphtalia believed in me.
Raphtalia isn't here right now due to motion sickness.
It’s somewhat lonely, even though we have only been together for about half a month.

“I should create some pills for motion sickness.”(Naofumi)

I look around and gather medical herbs.

“However, a demon may come out...”

Though we have been walking for a while, I haven’t seen any signs of demons.

“Gua”(Firo)
“Hm?”(Naofumi)

Firo's voice is heard in the distance.
I turned around and see Firo with something in her mouth.
……Is it my imagination? No, that’s an Usapiru.
It got swallowed immediately.

“Gua!”(Firo)

Firo runs to me as if nothing happened.

EXP 34 Acquired.

......I’ll stop worrying about demons.
After about an hour, we return to the hut. Our cart has already been fully loaded by the lumberjack.
Raphtalia is still asleep in the hut.
This is an evil idea. Raphtalia can’t last when Firo runs at full speed. But it is necessary to train Raphtalia who is not accustomed to the vehicle.

“It’s necessary to train with a cart for a while.”(Naofumi)
“U……Uu” (Raphtalia)

Raphtalia groans at my words. Did she hear it?

“Umm…… I have finished placing the wood.”(Lumberjack)
“Ahh. Then can you watch over her while I go to village immediately?”(Naofumi)
“ Yes! If it’s a companion of Hero of the Shield-sama, I’ll guard her with my life.”(Lumberjack)

Though I am slightly uneasy, I can’t just sit here and wait.

“Then I’ll be back soon.”(Naofumi)

I prepare the cart and depart with Firo.

“Guaaa!”(Firo)

Firo dashed energetically.